=(,A lot of people will tell you \\You can't do it.\\  Tell them to shut the Fuck up and do it, you owe yourself that.,is so confused... And will no doubt have to face up to it,its not the way its supposed to be, its justs the way that it is.,WOULD RATHER DIE THAN WATCH THAT F*CKING VIDEO!!! LETS BUILDS A SPACE HELICOPTER!!!,sooooo stoaked to have net again!!!!,woke up, feels like shit but atleast things are getting back to normalish after that week ><,feels somewhat raped by AUT tutors. And is still counting down the days. Semester 2 is going to be one hell of a ride.,why do all my clothes smell like peanut butter? I hate peanut butter!,finds it interesting that world \\buy nothing day\\ is on my birthday. Learn something new everyday i guess...,District 9. Fuckin' yeah. Nuff' said.,is scared of creepy cult like god worshipers. If the world is coming to an end, I doubt its because of some guy on a big cloud laughing maniacally. Repent! I think not,is really wondering just  what the hell is happening atm,thinks h
summer!!,:D woooow,Scared of these nightmares,2 seconds from cutting someone,-_- my head is splitting and killing me,You know, My conscience nails me on EVERYTHING. I can\'t even take an extra snack to work without it saying, \\Kazzi, you know you can save that for later instead of eating it now.\\ Thanks for making me such a throughout good person, conscience. :) Also, I had a wonderful night with my Justin <3 late valentine\'s day dinner,I feel like CRAP,Oh dear...that\'s never a good sign...,KLJL:KASJD:LAKSJFD :LAIEFU:OQRWAEFJKKLWAEJF AKLSDFJ ALSKDJAKLNFEFAILDF >:O AAAAAUUUUGHGHGHGH!!,You can\'t see what I see, You can\'t feel what I feel, you can\'t do what I do,Today was such a beautiful day, I hate being sick! It used to be fun when I was a kid, but now (me, being a health freak and all) I hate it. T3T I hate not being active and I hate lying in bed all day. But I tell you what, today made me look forward to spring.,I had a dream that I had to drive to Madison\\\nto deliver a painting for some silly reason\\\nI took "
Cease to inquire what the future has in store, and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth.,I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.,If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then unto me.,Life is like a blanket too short.  You pull it up and your toes rebel, you yank it down and shivers meander about your shoulder; but cheerful folks manage to draw their knees up and pass a very comfortable night.,Richard Philip Feynman born today .... A gr8 physicist, teacher , racounteur and musician . A Grand Salute 2 him , wherever in the cosmos he is present. :'-),It\x92s funny how I\x92m good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to helping myself, I don\x92t know what to do. ? At this time my brain is just spinning......Symptoms of exam fever... Any 1 of u have the medication?,Strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than those who are most c
exam n naman,gumala,happy birthday jen!,exams?,wah.. ang pangit ng sked ko... puro major s tth, taz isa lng klase ko ng wf.. isang math n lng kulang.. at lah pa rin akong pe.,Someone call the doctor got a case of love bipolar stuck on a roller coaster can get off this ride,Merry Christmas!,john f kennedy was assassinated when he was still alive. - mike seaver,Huwag kang ma-inlove sa taong masarap lang kausap, dapat siya mismo masarap. - shin chan,John: Nga pala, packaged deal kayo, kumbaga sa pagkain, kayo ung side dish. kayo ung gulay at toge.\\\nLeigh: so ibig sabihin siya ung main dish. kasi 3 lang naman kaming gumawa ng  write-up mo, di ba? \\\nJulia: Oo nga. Tama ka, Leigh. yung \\"kayo\\" == tayong 2.,hanggang ngayon di ko pa rin alam kung san ung tambayan nina sticko at pacman.,just got home from work.,\\"betty, I\'m the town\'s greatest woman-hater! But if the time should ever come that I  would willingly kiss a girl... it\'ll be you!\\" - juggie,finally, bakasyon na rin ako. hehe..,isang week n lng, matatapos na rin "
is thinking I should head to bed.  Especially if I am going to get up early to lay out in the beautiful sun in the morning.  :),is missing and remembering my mom today.,had a fun day at work.  I am boycotting drama this week.  I am off to Abby's t-ball game.  :),\x93Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall su,is exhausted!  Two more days till vacation time!!!  :),is wondering why my brother Tucker was able to scare the crap out of me so easily.  He comes towards me with his hand closed.  Yes we all know this means he has a bug or something because that is what brothers do.  I start screaming and he opens his hand ,is heading to the zoo with the kids.    :),\x93Life lives, life dies. Life laughs, life cries. Life gives up and life tries. But life looks different through everyone's eyes.\x94,cannot get addicted to
Jasper is home and doing great. <3,doesn't have interwebs nao....,back from the midnight visit to the ER lol, I'm alive. Yay.,haz new photos yo',Jasper was rushed to the ER today with acute appendicitis. The operation went perfectly, and he is recovering in Health Park. Please send him some Email love...,Didn't sleep again. >.<,The north wind doth blow (Story and Verse for children),The apartment complex gave us a new temp apartment to stay in while they fix the mold problem. I can breathe again!!!! Kinda.....,might have a couple places to stay in FL still. =D,What can I say? I go where the wind takes me, and where my heart guides me.,Leaving 4:30 AM Tonight/Tomorrow Morning,has black mold growing in the air vents in the apartment. . . . has become ill.,Turning 20 years old . . . weird. . . cheesecake & zombieland to celebrate!,leaving friday,is leaving for NJ on Friday =O,Eatin Mac n Cheese,I'm tired......,FYI: On Friday Facebook will start using your photos in ads that will appear on the profile page of you
August. Bring it!,go the EELS,pondering both the fourth Ashes test and the Tri- Nations game against the Sth africans this weekend... I am edging to the \\we can do it\\ side,more Rain ....a big Leighton \\C'Mon\\,clients are just loving this 4.74% variable rate....awesome...,Aw shucks ,...thanks for the birthday wishes peoples..,what a week.......bring on the weekend ....bring it!,Lili's first Nippers yesterday....could they get any cuter!!?,How awesome it is to take a five year old to their first Stadium experience and the Wobbleys get up to boot.....,snot and grubbyness. i feel like a million rupels.....,how will Evie (youngest) cope with the competition on a new baby!!?,Virgin giveth, \\welcome to Gold card status\\ Virgin taketh away \\ Opps so sorry we make a mistake ...your still part of cattle class\\,Fatherhood again tomorrow......very cited!!!,technology...great when it works!!!frustrating as all @#$t when it doesnt,out in the traffic again!!,chooks, they're quirky little critters,how it's going to be a ver
math homework= BLEH,only losers laugh at stupid stuff... that's me!,chicken and gravy= Mmmmmm,sleeping in late,staying up late... sleeping in late!,wants a pink cow!,I've got that idontcare-dar,Stuffed like a turkey:),going out today to eat good Mexican food and watch a movie... YAY,gizzards... ewwwww,finals... ugh,turkey's on my mind :),wishes everyone a Merry Christmas,Finnaly, my finals are over,say Happy New Year, PUNKS,always hungry... ha ha ha,it doesn't matter what people think as long as YOU have fun doing it,thinks it doesn't matter what people think as long as YOU have fun while doing it,If your life stinks... spray some perfume,slept pretty good for the first time in awhile,Some say the glass is half full, some say the glass is half empty. I say \x93Are you gonna drink that?\x94,*knock* knock*knock* knock*... I'm gonna knock knock your head,never eat dry chinken... you need GRAVY!!!,Happy Valentines Day everyone,life is a trip, don't hurt yourself when you fall,a little sun burned, but it's all good :),t
my birthday is tomorrow. (:,I'm freezing and wet. ):,went shopping and I spend like... 250 bucks. haha. Got a new bed comforter/pillows/everything else, two dresses, like 5 new skirts, a lot of shirts, a tankdress/undies combo for night time, more undies, and subway~,MJ doesn't deserve this, CNN.,well my birthday was kinda.. bittersweet. ): (:,I love how my parents randomly decided that we can't go to janet's party, and then say we're having a bonfire at grandma's, and then say we're doing NOTHING for the 4th.,going to go out to eat later at Mori's. I bet I'll scream at least once when the chef-dude does the onion volcano.,Just bought Regina Spektor's new album. Eet and Folding Chairs are my favs.,Dad told me he'd get me a Macbook Air if I get all A's for one report card this year. A fucking Macbook Air. You know how expensive and AMAZING AND I LOVE THEM.. they are? fuck. I'm going to have to get straight A's.,is waiting for dana to hurryyy uppp and get over here so we can go to the mall. and I'm taking the w
2,merci mennneeuh :-) !,ik hou van paardjes <3 <3 <3 <3
Our Company is involved in real estate, land  development, architectural and engineering design. for those who are interested in buying lots here  in Baguio that we offer such in the company. Our company offers lots in  3 subdivisions. if interested, you can contact us  through: website: http://rgdbc.webs.com/ email:  rockgoldcorp@gmail.com my home phone: (074)424-4066 cell:+639062103664,Our  Company is involved in real estate, land development, architectural  and engineering design. for those who are interested in buying lots here  in Baguio that we offer such in the company. Our company offers lots in  3 subdivisions. if interested, you can contact us through: website:  http://rgdbc.webs.com/ email:  rockgoldcorp@gmail.com my home phone: (074)424-4066 cell:+639062103664,you make life perfect... (\\,),It\'s true that we don\'t know what we\'ve got until we lose it, but it\'s \\\nalso true that we don\'t know what we\'ve been missing until it arrives.,The road to success is always under construction.,hApPiE!!!!,ITS A G"
I was super bored at work and deceided to update my profile and actually log in for the first time in over a year :),Happy Holidays to All!  And to all that don't do the \\holiday\\ thing, Happy \\Day-Off-Work\\ day, tell me what bar your at :).,Tis a buttface!!!!,SNOOOOW!,happy new years all, how many weeks till breaking your resolutions?,Farmville > Work,Stupid pigs, I am now safe from your flu.  gogo free shots at work.,does anyone else giggle at the word \\satchel\\ when someone uses it properly?,work is super fun! :-p,Josh is a buttface.  Srsly.,India Foxtrot Yankee Oscar Uniform Charlie Alpha November Uniform November Delta Echo Romeo Sierra Tango Alpha November Delta Tango Hotel India Sierra Charlie Oscar Papa Yankee Alpha November Delta Papa Alpha Sierra Tango Echo Tango Oscar Yankee Oscar Uniform Romeo Sierra Tango Alpha Tango Uniform Sierr,Give him the Stick...,More Specific, Josh klemp is a buttface.,Just a public service announcement, be careful how you use the phrase \\Once in a blue moon\\ tonight, as y
STUPID STUPID ANTS!!!!!!,I hate closing :'(,All my muscles are sore. I mean ALL! ARGH :/,\\Ramalama Bang Bang\\... Yay for Zombie Dance...Go Monique...except maybe the backward split rolls ;) haha,totally ripped my hastring (sp?).....OUCH!,Buffy The Vampire Slayer Musical episode rocks my socks! :D,Already at 40 hours for the week...and still have a 10 hour day tomorrow! Can I sleep already?!?,1 more day till a day off from work and school YAYAYAY:D,Is very proud of her Carved Pumkin with HEART eyes! :D,3 HOURS AND COUNTING! :D,Hasn't had a day off since last wed and won't have on till this upcoming wed! gggrrrrr,Longest week EVER!,other than class on wednesday, I'm trying to figure out what to do with my wed/thurs off from work :D...any thoughts?,Crocheting is making me feel like an old woman...but I like it.,LOL @ Irish looking Jewish guys doing a jig to LFO! Yes the short lived boyband from the 90's! HAHAHA,:D yay for dance!,Enjoyed watching \\Home Alone 2: Lost in New York\\ with Ben! Now on to more christmas
I'm at my house!!!!!,PshthwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggghHHHHHH...,Everyone look at Hannah!,Or not.,Yah, I know! I left my locker open while I went to the bathroom, and when I came back, there was a helmet hanging in my locker. I wasn't paying much attention, so I just thought that it was mine.,this is hannah!!!!!!! hahahahahaha,Not really. It was something else.,hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah this is hannah!!!!,YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABLLAAAAAAAAAAAYAKAYAKAYAKA!,shoot 'em in the chest... with a sword!,hannah. :),has nothing interesting to say.,Do I have chemistry homework?,First snow today!,I don't really like Sunday afternoons.,Butt-cramp pancake to the 35 veer touchdown! Need I say more?,Playin Varsity! Yeayeayea Boyeeee!,Snowboard!,Kevin needs a facebook!,This is a stickup, yo, I didn't hickup or stutter its like butter y'all, GO ON PUT YOUR HANDS UP!,Ghostride the whip? What?,Hello, everybody...,Actually, hmmm...,hannah is the coolest person ever,THANKSGIVING BREAK and Longmont.,Thanks!,Ha nnah Olsdon is s
i'm freezing..!!!,hmmm... happy??lol,hmmm...Uli nako malaybalay ugma... hehehe.. la lang..,happy birthday to my friend Glaziel.!! i love yah..!!,nytie nyt pipz..!!,hai..!! nag lagot na ko..!!! grrrrrrr..!!!!,gosh..!! i don't know how to make a speech..!!huhuhu.. help.?,goodnight.! out na ko.. ingat po.,Giving someone aLL your love is never an  assurance that they'll love you back...!! Some people are just not meant to be in your life, no matter how much you want them to be.... sad but true..!! agreE???hmmp!!,Mitch Oximer.. happy Birthday.. WabzshoO my friend.. muah.!,I want to love someone who's heart had been broken, so he knows exactly how it feels, and won't break mine. hmmm???,damn insomia..!!!,good night.!!,manong Baste.!!,so tired..!!,gosh..!! ulan napud...!!,Love yah all..!! muah..!!lol,Goodnight.!! wabzshOoO all.!!muah..???,Goodnight pipz..!!!,so boring..!!,i hate this feeling.!! errrr....,hmmm?,He don't remember me anymore! hey.!!! I'm still alive.!!,goodnight...!!!! time to sleep.!,Just because he's
Multumesc pentru urari, sa fiti iubiti,Multumesc pt urari ... stiti ca 26 e numar unic ? cuprins intre un patrat (25 = 5*5) si un cub 27 =3*3*3,Un grup de turisti vizitau cascada Niagara. Ghidul le ofera niste informatii si apoi spune: - Cascada Niagara produce un sunet foarte puternic si daca doamnele vor binevoi sa taca il veti putea auzi.,Nu uitati seara de dans (tango,salsa,vals etc) in Theatro azi de la ora 18:30.,?,Daca aveti drum pe la Kaufland Pacurari dati si o raita pe la Deichmann, merita ;),Maria catre Ion: - Ioane, ai auzit? Se scumpeste berea. Ion catre Maria: - Asta e Marie. O sa mancam mai putin.,mers cu role. cazaturi. durere. odihna. bere. dans,Se pot folosi tag-uri in FB :D\\\n\\\nDaca va place tango-ul va recomand pagina Club Tango Feliz Iasi,Through the darkness of future past\\\nThe magician longs to see\\\nOne \\\nchants out between two worlds:\\\nFire Walk With Me,Doi poli?i?ti pe un aeroport.\\\n- M?i, eu nu pot s? \xeen?eleg cum poate un terorist s? deturneze ditamai avionul care e a?a de mare\x85\\\n- M?i t\xeempit"
diluvio em lins!!,haaa...bye bye onibus e metrooo agooora! uuhuuul =),perg do justin bieber para a eliana: voc\xea gosta de meninos mais novos? tsc tsc!hahaha,ahh nao me canso de ver cartas para Julieta!! filminho bom pra se ver nesse domingo pre Valentines Day! (:,Terrivel ter q acordar as 6 da manha durante as ferias pra fazer prova do martin...,essa eh capaz de convencer ate jesus a pecar...hahah ultima semana de passione eee!,nataaal! eeee =),\xc9 peruada, oba!,tomar sol em lins \xe9 quase t\xe3o eficaz quanto na praia! hahah,cadee a energia em liinss?,eu amo,minha amiga carla! ela eh muito legal!!,alem do sono por ter q acordar de madrugada pra ir pra sanfran, ainda por cima n para de chover por 1 segundoo! vida difiicil essa! ):,coomoo jogar mario galaxy no wii???? impoossivel esse joguiinho!,quarta futil com a julinhaa: shoestock + shopping! eeeee (:,se ter que ir de metro ate a faculdade ja na fosse pessimo, ser atacada por um drogado babando, te cercando e querendo saber seu nome DENTRO do metro ultrapassa todos
Merry Christmas everyone!,Sitting in stand still traffic on the Bruce hwy.. Bored...,Heading back to sunshine coast after a good and hot few days in newcastle
Just got back from Mountian Camp!,...and now my 4-year-old brother's putting his pants on backwards.  Great.,Does anyone have a video of Joe and Nathan's  \\vegan babies\\ skit?,Goodbye Asheville; Quincy here I come!,There's a pelican on my wall. No joke.,Saw Star Wars: Clone Wars today for free in a theater.  Can't figure out why anyone likes those things.  My brothers had fun though, so that's good.,Riding motorcycles is awesome.  Thank you Uncle Scott. (don't worry Dad; I was wearing a helmet!),Hello Seattle, I am a manta ray, deep beneath the blue waves. I'll crawl the sandy bottom of Puget Sound, and construct a summer home.,PNEUMONOULTRAMICROSCOPICSILICOVOLCANOCONIOSIS.  That is one Hippopotomonstrosesquipedalian, albeiet Floccinaucinihilipihlifacate word. Wow. Kudos to you if you understood that.,Okay people, while some controversies have merit...some are absolutely ridiculous, and make me want to start slapping people in the head.  Seriously.,3 facts that are always true, no matter what.  Fact #1: Cooki
delete mo lng,, di k kawalan.. kalimutan mong naging kaibigan kita!! kalimutan mong nakilala mo ko.. wag k lng mgpapakita skin..thnx sa pagdelete mo sa fs.. naappreciate ko.. dinelete nrin nman kita ym at cp ko..patas n tau..,WWWWAAAAHHHHH!!!!! PAEXPLAIN NMAN TO!!! PHILIPPINE CONSTITUTION ARTICLE 2 SECTION 23.. SAKA ARTICLE 13 SEC 15-16.. AMP!! SAKIT N SA ULO!! AMP NMAN KC!! NURSING NMAN AKO EH!! HINDE LAW!! BAKIT KC KELANGAN P NG CONSTITUTION SA NURSING!!,UTOL ANA DALE!! KEVIN!! DENNIS!! THANK U THANK U SA PAGDALA NG PAGKALAKING CAKE KAHAPON!! NAAPRECIATE KO ANG SURPRISE NIO SAKIN!! GRABE,. NAGULAT TALAGA AKO!!DI AKO NKAPAGREADY!! SANA SA SUNOD PAGSUMULPOT KAU SA BAHAY,,  MAGBIGAY NMAN KAU NG CLUE,, KAUSAP KO P C KEVIN SA CP!! MALAPIT N PALA KAU,, TSK3 PERO??SALAMAT,, SALAMAT.. SA GIFT AT PAGBATI.. MWAH3,nakakatamad na araw.. wala magawa... haaaayyyyyyyy,,,delete mo lng,, di k kawalan.. kalimutan mong naging kaibigan kita!! kalimutan mong nakilala mo ko.. wag k lng mgpapakita skin..thnx sa pagdelete mo sa fs
NO, IS NOT AN OPTION.,Mya said it best...and I agree....I too know why the caged bird sings...so why did it take so long for me to learn how to flap my pretty wings????  Flying so high.....Id say theres no stopping me now...come fly with me...if its your own desire to know how!!!!!!,To Branson with the kiddos....then to the Chi..my oh my the taste!!!!! Then San Diego for the Reunion...and its gonna be a blast!!! Home again home again...jiggity jig!!!! Going to break my Travel bank!!!!! If baby girl lands this Thailand Gig...well lets,There is only one boss.  The customer.  And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. -Sam Walton,Last nite was a blast!!!  I had so much fun...Im still working on yesterdays energy...\\well the party didnt start till I walked in and I didnt leave until the thing ends...but in the mean time and in between time...you work your thing and I'll work mine.\\,Need a minimum 3bd 2bth 2car home with fireplace and basement i
got the red ring on the xbox. FUCK!!!,did not get his paycheck today. . . WHAT THE FUCK!!!,has a long day at the toybox tomorrow. T__T,is learning some songs on guitar for the ladies ^__~,just came back from San Diego, where it was very sunny but very cold and windy.,can write scene descriptions and slug lines like nobodys business, but has trouble with dialogue. what the hell?,everytime I log in there are always ads for free STD testing. are they trying to tell me something.,anybody else bored. add me on the Xbox live: celluloidnerd,some girl told me I remind her of Seth Rogan.,stupid xbox live kicking me out, I didn't wanna play anyway. well maybe a little.,Comic-Con 2010 is sold out already. god damn. looks like I'm volunteering again.,just got modern warfare 2.,modern warfare 2 is 20 kinds of awesome. the entire game is made of complete win!,why is it whenever I find a cool girl life has a way of shtting on it. I guess I will forever be in the friend zone T__T FML.,will be at the toybox from 3:00 - 10:45
Here's some photos for those that care, yes yes I know it was the stupid machine.,Brill, remember this box isn't private, and click on that triangle at bottom right and then we can chat when we online together,Sorry guys I just realised I can't embarrass anyone with old photos as I'll be on this laptop for a while which isn't connected to the scanner.,Can anyone tell me what would have caused facebook to have stopped working on my main computer??????????????? I've cleaned me cookie jar etc,Fandabbydosi!!! I got a man in an he's fixed my facebook!!!!!,can't believe how much stuff is posted on the wall after only missing a few days,had a groovy time at Glastonbury over the weekend, wizzing kids round by day amid clowns and jugglers and listening to status quo, Royal philharmonic orchestra, climbing hills and watching fireworks by night.,is getting excited about the match tonight, come on you whites,Anyone for zipwiring, yes they have eventually finished!,seems to be 'undefined',Hi everyone, long time no hear, m
has been busy doing things on facebook ;D Also Bored and kinda tired,Is LOL-ing at someone who just called me a stalker. How am i stalkerish??,Even though its so early i dont feel tired at all x],Probably taller than you and can fit into a pants size 2 (: Borreeeeddd. Wow im skinny I ought to eat more ;] SEGGESTIVE SMILEY,One! Twenty-one guns~ Lay down yer heart, Give up the fight! One! Twenty-one guns~ Lift up yer arms Into the sk-SPIDER!!!!!!!!,LOL! i meant home. I Hate Typo's so much :) -erases last post :) -,Is just like Yeah yeah whatever :l Also now has no social life thanks to nosy parents..Thanks....alot.......,Bored...yet again! Dad's gone feaky crazy today, giving me chores and no allowence? He's gone Phyco man! Also really tired (NOTE TO SELF: 3 Overnighters in a row...bad idea)  (: Also watching my Rabbit Smokey Turn 3 ties the size he was last year. Fatty <,Bored. Eating Cheeze-Itz (: PHONE BROKE </3,Finally woke up. GOOD MORNIN' EVERYONE (:,ITS OFFICIAL: I' allergic to reading! Everytime i read
hasn't decided yet it its a good thing or a bad thing that I'm never around when all the good stuff happens......Carter, you gotta do the other foot next week so I can see it!,just wants a quiet place to work without constant distractions and having to get up every five minutes to let someone by. Really all I want is to use the phone and be able to hear the person on the other line. That just about covers it................hint,needs air conditioning....badly....and soon. Tuesday is not going to be soon enough.,has decided that the convience of cell phones and being able to call anyone at anytime is the reason behind poor service and work performance.  I'm tired of waiting on someone to get off the phone and of being interrupted constantly while they answer the ,\\That which does not kill you can only make you stronger\\....I forget who said it but it pops up at the beginning of Conan the Barbarian and I have decided that it should have the words, \\and piss you off\\ added to the end.,is sitting at the kitchen t
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss,sqeeggles the monkey,lalalalalalalala tv lalalalalala computer lalalalalalala video games lalalalalala,MONKEY,I like monkeys,squeegles is a spider monkey from my dreams,I LIKE .......................................POODLES,LALALA IM GONNA BE A SCIENTIST,is sick has a cold,Ahoy,Merry Christmas!!!!!!,BORED VERY VERY BORED,clumsy me. i fell down the bus stairs.,said with a french accent: (French army guy) \\GENERAL! THE BRITISH ARE COMING!\\ (General) \\ QUICK GET ALL THE CRESAUNTS AND THROW THEM AT THE ENEMY!!!\\,SNOW IS HERE!!!!! =D,MER MER ROXANNE LOMBARDO,WATCHIN PSYCH YAAAAYYYYY!!!!!!,I dont want anymore snow, buuut....  I do want to not have school,MORE SNOOOOWW!!!!,imm sooooooooooooooo bored!!! i actually miss school!!,R u supposed to feel like crap wen u stick up 4 urself???? cause i do..,doin homework,KATIES AWAAAKEE
WOW! I love facebook chat (insert sarcastic tone). It keeps flipping out on me and saying I'm offline. More then a little bit inconvenient when I'm in the middle of a conversation... Oh well, tech is still not 100% flawless yet, so I guess I should cut th,All the fun people come on in groups of 2. At least lately.,Well now that I've checked to see who wants to kill me for posting pics from high school, I'm heading to bed... just let me grab my sword first.,I got my new phone! I thought that I sent a bunch of people a text so they would have my new # but returns out I sent a bunch of e-mails... oops.,First day of work in over a week. Definitely not something I missed.,I would like to take a moment while it is on my mind to think everyone who wished me a happy birthday (especially the ones from the future).
on the bus yesterday, and watched a girl text message.  She ended off with LOL.  But here's the thing... she didn't LOL!  I'm sorry, but an LOL is an LOL; there's nothing ambiguous about it.  There's no such thing as an internal LOL - it doesn't work that,This is a test to see if Rosie is receiving my important status updates.  Rosie, is it working?  Can you read this?  Can you read?,is like a finger pointing to the moon.  DON'T concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.,Almost got into a physical fight with a man at Shoppers Drug Mart. It turned out I have a bigger dick than him so he backed down.,Men are often drawn to the innocence or naivte of younger women, while women are drawn to the obedience and loyalty of dogs.,My greatest fear is fear itself.,I am so surprised that I'm enjoying the movie When in Rome.  It's got a great supporting cast: Danny Devito, Angelica Houston, Napolean Dynamite guys (the main guy and Pedro).,The next time a get asked if I can spare some change, I'm g
PARRRRTAYY!! [ice cream partay! :3],hmmmm..its quite interesting to think of freshman year and all the stuff that happened in it but at times it can be extremely depressing because it was so much fun and ill never get to go back and relive it!!,dude, i am soooo lazy. im losing my mind!,Today is my first day of work! I start at 10 this morning. Wish me luck!! :),MOTHER IS SLOW! if she makes me late to work ima kill someone!,haha, i didn't know there would be this much controversy over playing with a dead snake XD,i love lightening!! its so coollllll .-.,Dude, tomorrow (technically today) is guna be SO boring!!,swimming at 3! [ i have Pocky AND bendy straws!! :D],ugh...i dont wana go to werk. im still sleepy,its fun playing with zombie snakes!! :D,...why can't i just be happy? I wish i could just fade in with the rest of the crowd..,I love my job :) ~sigh~,IM GOING TO BIG SPLASH!! :D Brian is taking meh :3,must....kill....pancake flippin zombies,It is quite beautiful outside. :),uuugggh, i hate babysitting!!,I
has just read twilight for the fourth time - too poor to buy any new books!,is a tad lonely :o,Had a laugh last night xD,just parked so badly outside the flat it was hilarious. Luckily mum was driving it home straight after xD,is chuffed that she could finally go out in just a tshirt and not freeze :D,HATES PACKING!!!,is freezing. Doesn't want to turn the heating on because it will cost money, so is bundled up in a fat quilt xD,My cousin Rach is fabulous xD,has pins and needles \xac\xac,is tired. Looking forward to a few days of shopping and shows on london next month without having to work ! !,has just moved into her new flat :D,I GET TO KEEP MY CAR xD,is just back from London and is depressed. No more shows! Was enjoying myself :(,Not till I went away to London did I realise how tired I was!!!!!! And still about to pass out any minute ha. But paid today from second job so finally it's worth it (kinda.. :P)!,is getting TOO obsessed with super massive black hole. Must have listened to it at least ten times today..
has had to carry a load of shopping home and now has an achy shoulder :(,is looking forward to a three day working week and going to Alton Towers on saturday, whoop whoop!!!,has been listening to some decent music and has put me in a good mood,is enjoying having the house to herself,has toothache again, ouch! Why does my wisdom teeth have to move around?,is looking forward to having some time off work next week to relax and spend time with K.  :),didn't enjoy going back to work today after a really nice week off, it was very busy and now I'm tired,Is bored at work and it's too hot!!  I think when it's too hot like this, we should be given the option to go to work or not :),had fun at Alton towers and staying over at Laura's!,has hayfever and is making her feel crappy :(,is feeling angry and having a bad day....not to worry I will be fine tomorrow ;),is listening to the new black eyed peas album - it's fantastic!,had a fantastic time in Gravesend with the girls, check out the pictures - caz you look great with
has face ache from smiling too much :-),is very proud of Raven as she is a Y4 who has taken Y5 SAT Exams and got  a Y6 grade.Shes a little brain box, I think she gets it from me lol,is enjoying doing nothing.,YES YES YES YES After 18 months trying I am finally PREGNANT YEAHHHHHHHH  :-),Raven went to a show with my parents and wanted a venison burger, my Dad explained that a venison burger was deer.  Raven didnt care she just wanted cheese on top.  When she got home I asked her what made her eat deer, she said she didnt but I said veniso,my backache is killing me, my cups of tea taste funny, I feel sick but I couldnt be any happier if I tried :-),had an early scan today, all is well only 6 weeks pregnant by scan.Baby only looked like a little spec but its my little spec :-),can actually eat something today and not feel sick yeahhhhhh,has now started to be sick in neighbours bowls lol sorry lil but it was better that doing it on the floor.Do you want ya bowl back lol,had her scan all is well, baby was moving lo
26 days til im 16 :D,just lost the game,just lost the game,17 days till im 16,birthday 2morrow :O :D,im seme,is eating a crisp sandwich,likes the idea of dressing as smurfs and re-enacting the smufular battle of hastings,I decided I'm uke and Matty is Seme :D,2 days,is going to re-enact the battle of hastings next week,is my birthday in 5 days :D,prostitution: be all that you can be,the last update was a lie, matty is uke,has just found out that my cat lucy likes pizza...,needs to learn like 3 dances but they all to hard \xac\xac,arg, msn is broke, only lets me speak to near \xac\xac,cosplay as AWSOME! i cant wait 6 months till the next 1, i made so many friends there :),toki no nai sonzai o koko ni iru to, anata na tabi ga ima hajimaru (8),wow, just found out my sis' fav hobby, is being bummed by a fox...,UP YOUR VIVA!! dont hate me, but, i lost the game ^^,i just forgot if i had dinner or not....,lost the game \xac\xac,cosplay people: can someone else learn go my way, so i wont be doing it along in may =],facebook is lying t
HOW DID WE MEET? eveyone play the game! Copy and paste this phrase to your profile you will find it amusing to see how you met and know each of your friends. Before you do so please express yourself below. Please participate, this should be fun,hi,1 sheep 2 sheep three sheep  4sheep,thanks everyone
the day is half over.....the week went better than i was expecting....thank goodness,well got to go to work at 6:30 in the morning...fun fun fun,felt so good to sleep in....,is home and should probably go to bed...going to be to tired to function at work...but oh well,has to go to work at 7:30....ugh not looking foward to working all day but glad tomorrow is friday!!!!,...we are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love,yay...the week is almost half over............,is sooo sleepy...,has to be at work at 7 tomorrow....glad i wont be there on thursday and friday...but working all day today and tomorrow will make up for that....already tired,is done with class until monday....,watching \\How I Met My Mother\\ then going to play softball,watching Pride & Prejudice...,working on writing a paper about the health care reform :(,is ready for this week to be over with.....,this week i
biology, farmville, hafna hsibijit,najs nite pv il birah m8s.hapy new year,2hrs ohra uuuuu...... nkun on d way bix nqazzzu l ghadira!!!!!!,off to training =) nispera li ma nispiccax bhal gima,next massive activity tal-ostja.com: bowling wara pv    (sat 6th feb)----be there!! ;),It\'s easier to lie, to hide the hurt and emptiness, to smile instead of cry, to act like it\'s all a dream and pretend that missing you doesn\'t hurt.,People who love you will always try to make your future better even if u don\'t give a shit about anything.,<3  Rosenrot  <3,kemm kella tkun difficli l hajja... XD pv? dar? pv? dar? pv? pv? pv!!!!! min ikun sejjer jajdli :P,se jibda jitortura lilu nnifsu bil chemistry... :\'(,als du mich noch geliebt hast\\\ndie schonen madchen sind nicht schon\\\ndie warmen hande sind so kalt\\\nalle uhren bleiben stehn\\\nlachen ist nicht mehr gesund,qam wara lejl mil isbah @ pv mal besties quuuuuuu l mahbuba tijaw :D INHOBBOK HAFNA QALBI xoxoxoxoxo,when i think I\'m over u, 1 thought brings all the memories flooding b"
has now been ill for almost a whole week, but this time needs to go into work.  If sent home, fine, but money is needed! =(,is apparently a prostitute with Mr Ogle as her pimp.,can't sleep -.-',is now a GAPbuster!  But for where, she shall not say.,is exhausted and ready to collapse into bed before the open tomorrow.,wishes yesterday's weather was back.  So much for \\lower temperatures and showers this weekend\\.  Stupid damn heat!,is looking forward to pay day tomorrow!  Monies shall be mine for the taking!  =D,is wanting to go to bed but needs to stay downstairs and make sure the dog's had sufficient time outside after 13 hours indoors -,-',thinks Sims 3 was a pathetic waste of money that does nothing but crash computers,take ages to load and do everything 90% slower than it should do.  Time to sell on Amazon it seems!  Fail fail fail fail EA!,is very annoyed with herself.  She played the Lottery online for the first time, chose her numbers, and then discovered some of the numbers matched.  Only to realise t
is gonna go watch Newsies (aka the best musical EVER!) for the billionth time in a row! =DDD,is...surprised....,\\Today, I realized that the two main characters in the Veggie Tales, the tomato and the cucumber, are actually fruits. Now I don't know what to believe. MLIA\\,needs ideas!,needs only 6 more songs!,O goodness.... my brother is practicing his trombone.... and he sucks.. DX,5 more songs to go!!! =D,Gabbi is now texting herself with my phone.....,OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!!!!!!! =DDDDDDD,Wow, that wasn't smart...,loves her new phone! =D,Has no idea what to do ='(,can't wait til Rachael Maclean comes over! =DDD,Work til 7. =/,work til 7... meh...,working at the zoo tomorrow. =),is a \\ginga ninja.\\ Thank you, Emma... XD,Three days til band camp and I already have a sunburn...joy... Stupid gingerness... -.-,has officially hit rock bottom... =/,\\At the end of a day youre another day colder....and the shirt on your back doesnt keep out the chill...\\ -Les Mis <3,ba
whos idea was it to give this 18 year old kid a pocket knife... as of three days i have shaved a spot on my arm bald... cut my palm... and cut the inside of my lip eating shaved ice i shaved with my knife...,yay for oreintation! i now have my classes!,in orlano at UCF graduation be back tuesday night peace!,well i could have bought two cymbals for my drumset but NOOO i had to buy tires for my truck instead...,ap econ =1 (but the story i wrote instead of an essay was good shoulda been a 2)... Ap european history = 3 (woulda helped if my teacher stayed all year)  AP human GEO = 4 (whatever) AP gov = 3 ... (enough said...),wants to be a good drummer but needs ALOT of work :(,got my many hairs cut today!,its official here i am! yay for UCF,last wendsday in brooksville for a while...,counting don the final hours of living in B-vile for a very long time!!!,dude why is the guy mowing the lawn outside of my dorm at 9:37 at night? they woke me up this morning weed-whacking the same spot...?,I just thoroughly enjoyed m
just saw the new transformers movie.. EPIC!!!!,Aviano is beautiful.,inprocessing. blah...,its the weekend and its time to do every crew chiefs favorite hobby..... DRINK!!!!!!!!!!!!!,WWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,exercise week.,dont with bay-o for the day. W00T...... but tomorrowes gonna be hell............,someone punch me in the jugular,AAAAAHHHHH MY PHONE IS OUT OF MINUTES AND IDN WUT TIME I HAVE TO BE AT WORK TOMORROW!!! if anyone on day shift sees give me a call as soon as u can. EPIC FAIL MONDAY THRIVES! fml,i hate cdcs,FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  im gonna go destroy shit..... ppl PISS ME THE FUCK OFF,its like a drinkin marathon......,well holiday break is over.. back to the flightline i go.....,BAY O TOMORROW!!!!!!!!,bored...,packing for spain IS A PAIN IN THE ASS,back to work....,i wanna see those damn shorty shorts on you paul!!!!!,Thristy Thursdays.....,back in Aviano....... for now.,SPAIN TOMORROW!!!,dayshift tomorrow..... fuck.,THANK GOD ITS FUCKING FRIDAY!!!,my je
hmmm...whats on my mind....Arizona and CRUISE,It is necessary to say things twice sometimes for emphasis.,Watching WATCHMEN,storms are wonderfully frightening.,The sun kisses the earth, and I hush my urge to cry.,hi hannah.,Dane cook = awesome awesome awesomeee,i dyed my sisters hair blue. not all of it. but yea. ima hair stylist.  Hi mom.,nothings on my mind. at all...could you beleive that? nah.,DOING NOTHING. ugh.,i have scars from my mange [poison ivy]. SCARS!,going bowling with everyone =],correction: the people involved in school suck,Going to NEW JERSEY!!,definitely went to bed at 830 last night.,thunderstorms are second to cupcakes in the amazingness level.,Seeeenior senior senior senior. =],45r4dstdkiky,WHAT EVER,With the girrrllsss,yumm fruit smoothiess =]. thanks daddy. 60s tomorrow!,ugh.,Child's showering then mee. then bed!,school sucks. like. seriously.,got a new mini laptop!!!!,Got soaked at game but we wonn; danced my absolute face off at 5th quarter [5q's lame, dancing is not.] then volunteer
Awake, alive, and energized!,HAPPY 4TH OF JULY EVERYONE!  OFF TO THE PICK UP MY SISTER MORGAN, THEN TO THE PARADE WE GO!,I WISH IT WERE THE END OF THE MONTH SO I COULD BE OFF WORK FOR  A MINUTE OR TWO!  WISHFUL THINKING...,Tired!  Need to sleep, like sleeping beauty!,Kosey had a great 1st day at summer camp!,Kosey is doing so much better!  Arm is still swollen and a bit red but not nearly as bad as it was yesterday!  Yes!  Thank you everyone for your prayers!,Kosey wants to wake me & MJ up early as hell!  We are gonna beat him!,GETTING READY TO GO EAT BREAKFAST WITH HUBBY, SON AND NEPHEW MJ!  I AM HUNGRY!,I am so damn tired from the weekend!  But damn ready to do it all over again for the 4th!  I am glad tomorrow is my last day and then I get a long deserved week off!,What a beautiful day today!  Going to the Botanical Gardens today!,These 4 day weekends are so damn nice!  Let me tell ya!  It is wonderful!,I am done cleaning for this boys party for the night.  To be continued for a short time tomorrow...,Who
has the flu :(,can't believe a 3year long relationship just went down the drain,is veryyy dissappointed that I can't go see Kyle :(,hatess the cold, rainy weather. thank god it's friday tho!,going to class, then workk at 2:30pm,going eatlunch with my mom, then going to work!,ready for the weekend!,is going shopping with my mother!! life is gooooodd!!!,is going to class, gotta present a project..then to work!,soo, basically I wokeup at 6am and drove 45min for nothinnnngg. 8am class=cancelled! Ughh.,is going to laffyy today, then studyyinn.,is sitting in lab with katiiee! :),just wokkeeup..tiredd :(,happy birthday to me!!,finals tomorrow..yuckk,does NOT want to take the Human Anatomy final.,We were just 2 hearts, bound for different roads. Why they didn't lead us to forever, we may never know. I will carry you with me. I will hold onto our memories. Don't let the memories we didn't find make you feel like giving up. Keep holding on & don't lose your faith in love.,is wishing i could fastforward my life like 6mo
\\nobody has the power to make things perfect,but everyone is given countless chances to make things right.:),going hard.!!:D,what goes around comes around.!!:D,an saya kanina.!!hahaha..don tequila..:D,hahaha..sa wakas..:D:D:D:)))),may pasok nanaman..:(..hahaha:D:D:D,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1rrS44-X-w,it takes time:|,just what i`ve told you.!you know who you are:D,\\accepting imperfection to gain satisfaction\\,\\dont explain your self to everyone\\-the one who dislikes you wont believe it and the one who likes you dont need it.:),FEU won the CHEERdancecompe...:D:D:D:D:D:D:)))),thankU sa lahat.:D:))..salamat..,\\to keep something you must take care of it. much more you must understand what kind of care it requires.\\:),living for tomorrow.. :),miss the old days.!!haha:)),\\one description of trust\\-giving someone the ability to destroy you completely, but at the same time, being confidence that he/she would not:) Vincent De Lima Jeng Tayawa Kim Louisse Tandiama Shelbydale Ramos Jayde Natividad Rem Reyes,CONTE
aww. Japanese girls are gone. i didnt know how to talk to mine :],I GOT A CAR! <3,D':< IM DOING EVERYTHING BUT HW AND ITS MAKING ME SO MAD!!!!!!,Playing Monopoly with Tiffany, Kathy, Allison, and Kevin... IM BEATING THEiR BUTTS!!!,wooo!!! im the new key club secretary !!! :D,does anyone know what we have to do for the religion powerpoint?? mine is tomorrow and i dont have the paper thingy with the info... D:,I just visited Dartmouth. It's so nice there n everyone is so friendly. (:,thanks to everyone who posted on my wall on my birthday!!! Sorry I didn't check sooner ):  I feel so loved right now though even if it's belated. <3,jackie wang wants internet like me <3,aww I just woke up from sleeping after allison left ): BROOM BALL IS AWESOME!!! I wish everyday is like thursday was (: but then kathy tiffany allison and margo would have to live with me... But that's even cooler (:,back to LA. Probably won't sleep on the plane...its so uncomfortable.,anna is dying of laughter.,i got a 98 on my english final!!! it
Fear my totally awesome new profile picture,Kennywood was AWESOME!,I can't believe Billy Mays is dead...I mean I actually care about him dying unlike some other people that have recently died. lol jk,JUST GOT BACK FROM FUCKING CAMP... HELL YEAH. It was a very fun week.,Just finished reading the 7th Harry Potter book, for the first time, shocking I know, I read all the others yet not the 7th, and I did so in no less than 12 hours.  I have to say it was an amazing book that I highly enjoyed reading.,Is off to a freaking Bake Sale for 4 and a half hours, I AM STOKED!!!!,Realizes it sucks to not have a job or girlfriend at a point in which I can not play any good video games.,LOVES HAILSTORMS!!!!!,Is so bored...,Is bored. Yes indeed you'd better believe it.,Now knows all EIGHT freecreditreport.com commercials. MUAHAHA!!!,Thinks that everyone should TAKE HIS QUIZ, \\What role would you play in a Medieval Battle?\\...take it or bad stuff WILL happen to you.,Is highly debating whether I should do Piano man and sing/pl
hannah hacked your facebook haha :):),is not loving the fact that she has 2 exams 2morrow!!! not fun!! :[,doing coursework... :| not impressed!,Quite proud of myself... sat tonight and did a full section of coursework for science... then acctually done then task 5 that was suposed to be done about 3 weeks ago.. and did some of the food groups thingy... well pleased!!,Loves how some people get left out of things!! mates??,okay seriously.. such a nice day and i'm stuck in the house doing effing coursework becuase i never bothered my ass to do it before!! nice one courtney!,Ermm I think its raining just a tad!!  :O,Oh god i'm bored!!!! =[,found her bank card!!! happy days.. got paid then lost it so i can spend my money now!! =],Newcastle! =],OMG bored!! anyone want to do something?,go allianz- because we tick all the right boxes,I love stars,is coming home tomorrow =(,I want another apple will anyone help with the apple funding society please every little helps... ching ching,tescos is a load of sheitttttt!!!!,U
Best newly discovered unhealthy snack disguised as a healthy one: yogurt-covered raisins  :D,Going through everyone's status messages from last night... yeah, so maybe I didn't do anything sexy or fun but I was at an event so >:P,Wow, even in 1963, Ethel Merman was ranting about the \\half-wit morons up in Sacramento\\ (just watch It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World),Just to be clear: Life is just a bowl of RAINIER cherries.  :D,Amadeus is quite possibly the most perfectly made movie *ever*...  director's cut bits add even more to the perfection.,Ears are being blown out by two trombone players... sure, they're classically trained and playing Holst's \\Mars, the Bringer of War\\, but it HURTS.  :P,32 days til the State Fair!  You better believe I have a count down going!!,Any one have any clue as to what the new novelty fried fair food is going to be this year???  What was at the OC county fair?  I'm plotting my plan of attack at the State Fair...  ;),Devising ways to oust the old tenant out of *my* new place.  Not too
Shaver tomorrow.... PEACE,is back from Shaver. Transformers tonight, should be legit,back in fresno, graduation weekend at poly... at the shaver cabin next week, summer 09 has been good,spending my 4th indoors at my work...,watching Jonathan Sanchez pitch a no hitter into the ninth inning against the Padres. Giants have the best pitching in the MLB. period.,dinner with friends, then poolside... yeeea,\\People say Jacko bleached his skin or whatever so was it like he was cleaning the sink then got a bit on his hand and thought i like that\\ Karl Pilkington is the funniest man alive. hahahahahahahaha,is crashing.... played some bp tonight.. lovin life,SANCHEZ THROWS A NO HITTER! First Giants no-hitter since 76!,I hate the dodgers and anybody that likes the dodgers, I hope all the bad things in life happen to you and only to you. HATE HATE HATE,The Premier League starts tomorrow. Arsenal for EPL 09/10 glory!,First week of college is kicking my ass in the homework department. I gamed it hard, and now for a run. Wha
Sitting in the LTC building \\\\,going to MCC,Going to Math class,watching meet the Robinsons,Just got dropped from my College Algebra...sad day? or is it?,only one final left!!!,Waiting till tonight to go hunting...so those other guys dont get my buck i saw thursday,is on thanksgiving break...yay! now to write my english paper oh joy!,Waiting in the Liberal Arts building for English,drinking a cappuccino while waiting for english,watching the Stormchasers season finale,TRYing to write my 2 essays but...facebook distracted me,Done Failing Algebra today,Listing to my English teacher talk about something....I think its about politics,Wants more snow,The wheel in the sky keeps on turning,Passed my history test...donw with English...time to get food and go home!,My Physical Geology test was about as fun as the ASVAB!,Its Snowing!,Borderlands is one awesome game,getting ready for my extended faimly christmas saturday...its gonna be a blast already i know,Chillin in the LTC Building,too much food!,woo! christmas break
got a new phone :),kevin just got dorito cheese  on my shirt,is going to Florida =P,is tired,here i stand on a cliff waving to you goodbye and then i fall....,i now have 14 pairs of converse!! :P,is going to fast lane and the mall and maybe swimming later,maybe you were right, but baby I was lonely, I dont want to fight, Im tired of being sorry, Im standing in the street , crying out for you, no one sees me but the silver moon,its raining yay!! XD,you burn me out and I think I've had enough of it ,you bring me down and its all my fault for blaming you,grrr i dont want harmony :(,I was there for you when he broke your heart I was there for you when she back stabbed you I was there when you were upset with your parents and how do you repay me?,already got homework but school was pretty fun i guess,is tired,ill be waiting for you,i just won against my cousin after a 1hour and 45min. game playing mancala(board game) :P im a winner!!! lol,why do you stare so much,We are looking back again on loneliness and pain ne
broke his wrist,made so many friends at camp. sucks that we had to leave but i had a blast and i love you all. and is glad God loves me more than anything in this world!,R.I.P Alex (Skittles) we all will miss you man.,is in so much pain right now and doesn't know what to do. Someone plz help me. God plz help me through this time of suffering.,is getting baptized this week or next week :),is getting baptized in 10 hours,Got baptized today. Now has the Holy Sprit with in and is going to do what God intends me to do and tell everyone the glroy the power of Jesus Christ.,wondering whats wrong with me!,lost his keys and can't find them :(,is getting baptized Sunday!!! Can't wait. Can't wait to talk to everyone about baptism and what it really is.,is packed and ready for camp tomorrow with a broken wrist, way to go me lol,might be going back down to camp tomorrow,District 9 was sweet.,36 days.,Going to St. Louis tomorrow! For Rock The River Concert!! Gonna be a long trip there with the truck full.,going to see Dist
Hamburger Time,Ich bin ein leibe. lol,lol no homework for me,I'd sleep but I dont have any school classes today so it's IMPOSSIBLE,4:20,Needz betterz internetz,Ich bin ein Berliner,Hamburger Time,skewl wooh hoo nnnnnoooooooooooooooot,nom nom nom...... O_O,\\First I'll get the treasure chest, and then I'll get you, and then I'll get them all!\\ -Sora-.Hack//Sign,Mein nome ist Fluegel.,MUST GET PSP AND FINAL FANTASY VII CRISIS CORE 0_0,\\I want to become strong... I WANT TO BECOME STRONGER!\\ -Tokio- .Hack//Link,is a prick =(,wow at this rate I probably can get to chap. 40 tonite on dial-up =),I've got one thing to say. D.Gray Man,can haz really strong pain reliever?,I feel like being arrogant for the next couple days. I think I'm gonna do it. =),me can haz forgiveness?,trying to read D.Gray Man =) ....on dial up =(,thinkin bout gettin my wisdom teeth removed for reasons =) hehehehe,,,,,WOW!!! dial-up is good for sumthin i can get themes for my PSP with it =),Am I the only one who thinks Facebook encourages graffit
must c my vedio got intresting contents at the back,to all fellow 3E4 bio students the homework is like hell man nid at least 1h to complete,honest,lalalalla,how to do DNT,c my photos,just use now next time wont use so long liao,how do DNT arrr@!!!!!!!!!!!!!,I POST A NEW ALBUM LIAO GOT 170 PICTS ERRR GOT 1 MORE GAY VIEDO OR HOW TO SPELL AIYA DAMN SICK IS ABOUT A BLACK GAY UPLOADING IT IN LIKE 10 MINS TIME ^^ ENJOY,hello,IMPORTANT TO ALL BPS STUDENTS UR BEST CHANCE TO C PRAVEEN UNGLAM PHOTOS ON THE 1ST DAY OF SCHOOL MORE COMMING NEW ALBUM COMMING OUT THIGHENES GAYEST PHOTO ^^,finally i changed my phone UNLIMITED sms,joel = jodog\\\njonas = jonass,I went to cut my hair ^^ -.-,chalet ended -.-,waaaa xian i doing dnt alone in some stupid room,more photos posted must c still got a lot more i posted 17 all handsome,Scout sucks,new update ^^\\\njoel=jodog\\\njonas=jonass\\\npraveen=pravina\\\ndinis=dendog\\\neugeen=soonbrach\\\nandrew=androol\\\njeremy=jeremy=attitude guy(today)@_@\\\ndarryle=dog\\\nall i can think of now might have more^^ monda"
I found Marley at last! :),First day of school!,Life's been good to me so farrrr :),Legalize it and I will advertise it... Not even 9am and I'm bakeddd :) Can't wait to go to the gym!,ONE LOVE, ONE HEART, Let's get together and feel alright !!!!,Yoga tonightttttt, can't wait :),Victory bong toke! :) MMM, Happy Friday!,YOGA TIME :) I'm becoming slightly addicted to the gym.,LA TODAY!,It's 6:20am and I am getting ready to go to GB3 for an hour long pilates class :) I'm fuckin' crazy!,Wow. I have no life.,I kinda miss having real friends that actually care :/,Sooooo much laundry :(,GB3, HERE I COME!!! :D,i am gay and sean is awesome,NOT,Man, fuck the police :(,sean is my favorite ginger .,I WANT THE MOVIE DAZED AND CONFUSED! It's a fuckin' classic and I REALLY wanan watch it right now. Can't believe,GB3, I've been waiting for you alll day!,WHERE CAN I GET COOL RING TONES FOR FREE? lol But seriously.,I always wish I had my loverface to cuddle with me throughtout the night...but oh well!!! Bong tokes then bed time
mafia family......I am in dire need of cell phones and illegal transaction records!!! Please Help!!! I cant finish off my levels with out these!! I am willing to trade what ever I have, which isnt much!!!,Watching \\Xanadu\\...  i love this movie!!!,spent the day helping my hubby clean the library/computer room, & shopped for jayson's b-day party.   now im hungry & ready to sleep,is sitting here watching my son jayson playing lego batman on the Wii with is dad playing as his sidekick.   jayson is as good at it as is dad...lol  Big sis Jasmyne cooked a yummy spagetti dinner for her brother ( thanks Jazzy) and all is good.,had an ultra sound yesterday,  dr called today,  baby is growing well, no other changes which is great, still on bedrest tho....  10 more weeks to go until Jayda can be born!   I cant wait!!!,R.I.P. Michael!!!  We will miss you!!!,just got home from the tour of Henry Ford West Bloomfield hospital where Jayda will be born. got lots of good info  the countdown is on!   I am READY!!!!,I have some
I is bored and tooooo warm in the heat! WHY CAN'T IT RAIN? THATS GOOD WEATHER I TELL THY!,Thats it!!! I Have resorted to voluntary work at a charity shop to cure boredom!! and extend CV!,going to search for jobs again! its like the german depressioN!!!,Well the charity shop idea has fucked up! But no big problem since Im going back to college,YAY its my birthday!!,I have started driving lessons!!!! Had first lesson on friday and shit myself! (not literally) also i have got hang of the clutch... a bit!,18th tomo :D YAY,Yay had second driving lesson! I drove everywhere and did corners and erm hit the curb on the roundabout near penistone but all good!,oh dear Not another shit-arse illness :(,YAY COMPUTER FIXED!!!!,Well if my back isn't aching, nothing is!,well i'm bored!! Damn this! I only have 5 quid to last me till christmas! :( lol,4 hours till christmas!!!,DAMN YOU GABRIEL KNIGHT!,Another day has gone but christmas is still far away....,bom bom boooooooooom,bored as hell!  Need something to dooo!!,damn thes
Going to work! then after that Im hanging with Scott Roberts and going back to ewing!!! HIT ME UP ON DA CELLY<3,I loved a birdbath in your room because I\'m sexy and i do what i want,At RVCC Waiting for my NEXT Class to start!! And Im Extreamly Bored!,Feeling Exhausted!,\\Wooded\\ is what is on my mind.....long story!!,Feeling kinda bad today but yet im also so releaved of stress,Brand New pics of My car is Soon to be posted!!!! Im in love with it!!! It is now my new love!!!,Going to be chilling with Dayne Taylor, then after that i am going to court!! Sum1 save me lol!,Hmm Whats on my mind.....Love, paradise, and just feeling completely broken.\\\n\\"I say the sun don\'t shine forever.\\\n\\\nAnd everything that glitter ain\'t gold.\\\n\\\nI say love don\'t love forever\\",It\'s Hard Picking Out Baby Girl Clothes! There\'s So Much And I Have To Much Of A Picky Taste!!,Mehhhh so tired!! I feel so over worked!! but hey this is my last week of a 40 hr week be4 I start College Sept 1st!! I Actually Can\'t Wait,Hearing the heart beat of my b"
how come its always the songs that you don't want to hear that play? -cryy-,misses everyone!,its eerie how certain songs can be changed around to relate to your life...see her new note.,can't wait for Canada, 6 more days!!! :D,OMMGGG ORAL SURGEON APPOINTMENT IS CANCELLED. :DDDD,REHEARSALS TOMARROWW!! AND THEN THE WEEKEND WITH JALYNNN!!!! :D,has had pirates of penzance stuck in her head all night...,is having the worst week of my life. :'(,is in Canada. xP,RAIN RAIN RAIN, I WANNA DANCE IN THE RAINNN! PLEAZE RAIN! :),decided to blow off audition today, cause she decided to focus on Pirates...yay?//Been home for a lil over a day and misses Canada tons. Wishes she coulda stayed there a week longer. DD:,wishes she had a prince in shining armor...<3,loves CSI!!! [:D] <3 [:D],had a better day talked to Cori on the phone And Meghan and others in person. :D Better?,Smiling is healthy! Always remember to smile! (: <3,has been home for a lil over a day and really misses Canada. D:,wishes she had a prince in shining armo
is looking forward to seeing the gang later!!,Work tomorrow!! hehe,Go and see THE HANGOVER!! It's fucking hilarious and so funny! The trailer does not do it justice!!!,5 DAYS TO GO!!,is going to have one last go with the bastards, and if that fails then its all over! Thankyou D & C!,is sad to hear the news that the last survivor of WW1 Harry Patch has died.,is mega tired today. I need something stronger than match sticks!!,needs a new phone! :-( I-Phone is think.,Is a janner and is proud of it!! If you dont know what it means google it!,thinks he is Jack from Will & Grace. lol,is mega pleased with his latest ref marks from the FA!,is mega happy with the appointment of the new manager of PGMOL!!,HMMMM is thinking very hard!! LAS assessment day 3 weeks!!!,Just saw more pics of Sitges and wishes he was back there!!,feels on top of the world, which i haven't done since Jan! Fucking D & C. grrrr,Can't wait for Aber 09!!,is so glad to be rid of 3 network!! Roll on O2!,can't wait to move back to London!!,is mega con
getting homesick. what to do about it.,Your future depends on your dreams. Don't waste your time, go to bed NOW!,What is MIDLIFE crisis?? Any Idea??,Never drink while driving, you could spill your beer..........I have learned my lesson and I think I am a better drinker now!,Men wouldn't lie as much to the women in their life, if the women in their life didn't ask so many questions!,\\A beautiful dress is of no use unless it inspires someone to take it off.\\ - Swami Vijay Mallya. If You don't comment on this then the bar closest to your house will close down in 3 days.,Happy Diwali to All of You.,I am having beer after a long time, and I am wondering...............is anything is better than beer now?,Mourning the sad demise of my father! may,Mourning the sad demise of my father! May his soul rests in peace.  Amen.,Help a man when he is in trouble and he will Remember you when he is In trouble again.,The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it. That's why I am always late.,Dance is th
is already feeling the loss....,i need to figure out what i'm doing with my life...  and quick!,got it figured out, joining the navy is the right decision :)
wants to thank everyone for all of the birthday wishes!,is going to go read in the park!,is a fart ventriloquist!,off to London tonight! Yahoo! Cannot wait to see skirts in a box! Break a leg ladies!,is going to London at some point this weekend! Heck yeah I love London!,is wondering if anyone from GC is going down to London this weekend?,Tomorrow!! Alright!,5 more sleeps!,3 more sleeps!,is just sitting here listening to Ludovico Einaudi.,is watching So You Think You Can Dance.,and the count down begins! 7 more days!,needs nap now....,4 more sleeps!!!,is missing Ottawa already! Cannot wait for September!!!,Off to Ottawa! Soon...,two more sleeps!,nap time!,6 more days!!,is at the bus station waiting to go to London!,has to pooh like wild fire... damn all this fast food garbage...,did not know he could have nothing to do in London!,Off to London! In a little while anyway... I will be in London TONIGHT! Yahoo! London!,is off to camp tomorrow! Heck yeah!,District 9 is amazing!,5 more days!!!,is back from Camp! No
Saturday was crazy at Rumbass !!!!! Lots of people and the vibe was really good,SUPER PERO SUPER CANSADAAAAAAAAA !!! PERO FUE TREMENDO HALLOWEEN !!,WOOOOW !! MAS DE 1000 PERSONAS ENOCHE EN RUMBASS !! QUE GOZADERAAAA !!!,I AM IN A REALLY GOOD PLACE IN MY LIFE RIGHT NOW !! IT IS AMAZING HOW MANY THINGS CAN CHANGE WHEN YOU ELIMINATE ALL THE NEGATIVE PEOPLE IN YOUR LIFE !!! AND REPLACE THEM WITH POSITVE ONES !!! SUPER HAPPY :-),LA SUERTE DE LAS FEAS LAS BONITAS LA DECEAN....MMMMM PREFIERO SER DESAFORTUNADA ENTONCES !!!!! LOLLOLOLOL ESTO PASA HASTA EN LAS MEJORES FAMILIAS !!!!,THIS FRIDAY COSCULLUELA LIVE AT RUMBASS!! GET YOUR PRESALE TICKETS FOR $20 AT POINT LIQUORS IN THE RUMBASS PLAZA!! PARTY WITH THE NITEFINDERS  IN CLASH!! DJ LENNOX WILL BE ROCKING IT TILL 5AM !! SATURDAY IS INTERNATIONAL SATURDAYS !! PARTY WITH ME YOUR FAVORITE BARTENDER IN THE FRONT BAR !! 2-4-1 TILL 11PM !! PLEASE TIP YOUR BARTENDERS!! WE WORK FOR YOU !! CLASH AND RUMBASS LETS GO !!!,Let get ready to partyyyyy !!! Come check out your favor
LOVE the $5 music aisle at Walmart!  Brad did roll his eyes when Billy Ocean landed in the cart but I've been humming \\Loverboy\\ all morning.,Arica went to Granny M's last night to stay for a solid week. I will miss her soooo much... around Thursday :),Happy Father's Day! Hugs your kids, because of them you get 1 day in your honor. The other 364 all all about them :) Love you Dad!,Do you remember when you were a kid (or just last week), when a 'word' would just set you off in a fit of giggles? Well tonight the 'word' here was 'Buttocks' - Arica must have said it a hundred times... Momma, (at the table) please pass the salt and Butt,Day 3 - Kid-less. Ah, the quiet. The sweet, sweet quiet.,Getting ready for a night out! The Limo holds 14! Mexican - yum!,Arica told me last night that she was born to entertain.,DelGrosso Park today.,Headed to Tranquili-tea!,Arica told me it was \\the worst night of her life\\ when I tucked her in tonight. I asked why (fully knowing it was School related) She said, I like everything
BRING ON SGU!!!!,My lord!! The boys just got at and finished a box of cookies! Good thing it was only the bottom row!!,SGU was not cheesy atall except for one bad actress!!BRing on the Part 2,Thanks for all the bday wishes. turnin the big 30 at work wasnt so bad.,I would like to thank Jalen for wipping the tears off my face so no one could see me cry.,just rammed her head into the computer table and has a nice mark on her forhead!!!!WHY WHY WHY do I keep hurtiing myself?What is fate trying to tell me?!?!?!?,If you slam a car door in your face and you are sober should you tell someone?,is so not photogenic.HA HA,Never cared for dogs,too needy.One door open,they\x92re gone.You look for them it\x92s no use.Since your father refused to pay for a license,the Shelter has no way of tracking them.God knows what happened to that little guy.Now cats that\x92s a different story.Cats are self-sufficient, they\x92re dependable; you shake the box,they come running.Cynics would say it\x92s the food but my cat,I truly believe he enjoys my
I wanna play The House of the Dead!It's a CD-rom PC game!!Someone buy me it!!I can play part I,II,III or IV!!I don't mind!!I wanna play The House of the Dead!!,I shall start swearing digestive system organs!!!RAWR you are an oesphagus!!!!,Who here knows Final Fantasy??Reply by posting another post!,I took the quiz \\Who is crushing onyou' and got J.W      Some might know that one girl I know is called J.W.,but she can't possible have a crush on me.,I WANT QUIZZES!!!!,wants quizzes to do,Why's birthday during school holidays??Argh My friends can't give me presents!!!!,Argh my mum's friend's daughter is taller than me!!NOOO!!She's a freakin' gal!!!I wanna grow taller!!!Taller and taller!!!RAWRS!!,likes Facebook lessons,Argh my father locked my PC with a password now I can only use the laptop! Now I can't play my computer games anymore!!Someone save me from my dilema!!,My mom finally let me use the PC but WolfTeam has server maintenence??,just came back from his Korea trip.....he didn't vomit in four consecutive
YOU ONLY SEE WHAT YOUR EYES WANT TO SEE, HOW CAN LIFE BE WHAT YOU WANT IT TO BE? YOU ARE SO CONSUMED WITH HOW MUCH YOU GET, YOU WASTE YOUR TIME WITH HATE AND REGRET... NOW THERE'S NO POINT IN PLACING THE BLAME, AND YOU SHOULD KNOW I SUFFERED THE SAME!!!!,FELIZ DE COMPARTIR ESTE PRIMER TERCIO DE ANHO JUNTO A ERIKA PATRICIA FASQUELLE LEVI, TU AMOR ME HACE BIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN!!!!!,ESTRENANDO CASA NUEVA!,HOY DEFINITIVAMENTE ES UN DIA MUY ESPECIAL...  I AM CELEBRATING MY FIRST 5 MONTHS WITH ERIKA PATRICIA FASQUELLE LEVI,WE ARE JUST STARTING AN AMAZING JOURNEY I AM EAGER TO LIVE WITH HER,I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY, EACH AND EVERY DAY YOU ARE CONQUERING MY SOUL,AUJOURD`HUI  C`EST L`ANNIVERSAIRE DE LA PLUS BELLE FEMME EN LE MONDE, THALIA JE T`AIME ET JE T`AIMER\xc8 TOUJOURS!!!,A TODOS MIS AMIGOS QUE COMPARTEN CONMIGO EL AMOR POR LA BELLA ISLA DE CUBA: ESTAN TRANSMITIENDO EL CONCIERTO DE JUANES EN LA HABANA  POR HTV EL CANAL MUSICAL DE MEXICO, BUSQUENLO EN SU SUSCRIPTOR DE CABLE! ARRIBA LOS QUE ESTAMOS POR LA PAZ DEL MUNDO!,F
if kid cuisine is wearing a helmet in outerspace and roasting hotdogs. how the fuck is that fire going?!?!,drums on hard on rockband is a bitch ugh tired goodnight im sleeping early tonight,getting a new dodecahedron megaminx puzzle in a few days. very excited.,Dad\'s on vacation for 2 weeks and im home with my step moms first ex husband whos living with us right now. Got a bunch of hot pockets, chunky soup, and $40 spending money. This is gonna be fun!,thinking of poppin in at my old schools homecoming tonight. good idea?,goin to a party later. should be fun.,What\'s so wrong with me??,ARROW ROULETTE!!! HOLY SHIIITT RUUUNN!!!!,Justin Allen 23,\\\nBrett Linley 29, Matt Weikert 29, Justus Bartett 27, Dave Santos 21,\\\nChase Stanley 21, Jesse Reed 26, Matthew King 23, Christopher Goeke 23\\\n& Sheldon Tate 27. These 20-somethings gave their lives for you\\\nthis week. Repost if you support the Military,off to my second interview soon. hope i get the job :),USA! USA! USA! USA!!!!!!,Just had my first day of work. I think im a"
tampa bay buccaneers 1-0,WELL EVERYONE IM GOING TO BE WORKING FOR MARTIN SWANTY\'S IN BULLHEAD.MONDAY I GO DOWN FOR MY DRUG TESTING AND WHAT EVER ELSE THEY NEED ME TO DO.IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A NEW VEHICLE GIVE ME FIRST CHANCE, YOU\'LL DRIVE AWAY HAPPY.THAT I PROMISE !!!!,i hav hoped,I have planned, I have striven;\\\nThe best that was in me I\'ve given,\\\nI have prayed, but the gods would not heed.\\\n\\\nI have dared and reached only disaster,\\\nI have battled and broken my lance;\\\nI am bruised by a pitiless master\\\nThat the weak and the timid call Chance.\\\n\\\nI am old, I am bent, I am cheated\\\nOf all that Youth urged me to win;\\\nBut name me not with the defeated,\\\nTo-morrow again, I begin.,Please send me windows, vines and bricks for my Maison...Thanks,LOVE IS,NEVER WANTING TO SLEEP,BECAUSE YOUR REALITY IS BETTER THAN YOUR DREAM !!!!,Believe.\\\nKnow that your history is not your destiny.\\\nGive up judgment-\\\nKnow that people just do the best they can.\\\nPersist.\\\nPray and move your feet.\\\nGive of your gifts and passions.\\\nVolunteer for somet"
who has farmville?,doing homework :),sleepy,skyote is alive,ahh TGI friday!!,excited for retreat!,pretty sweet farm in FARMVILLE!,done with 22.789% of my homework,\\Successful people do things unsuccessful people are unwilling to do.\\ -John Maxwell,katie just said a thats what she said joke,\\Unless you are willing to drench yourself in your work beyond the capacity of the average man, you are just not cut out for the positions at the top.\\ - J.C. PENNEY,time to regenerize myself for a very busy week,GEORGE IS CRYING,HW,\\Action is the foundational key to all success.\\  -Pablo Picasso,\\Unless you are willing to drench yourself in your work beyond the capacity of the average man, you are just not cut out for the positions at the top.\\ - J.C. PENNEY,time for homework,i cant believe im saying this................... im bored of farmville.,YO!!!! EVERYONE CAPTAIN SMITTY HAS A NEW FACEBOOK!,pretty productive day,i miss my blanquita bonita,R.I.P patrick swayze,so ready for tomorrow,steven is my bestfriend,\\we make a l
Is bored at work.  Looking at apartments for rent and applying varnishes to his Warmachine/Hordes stuff.,needs to defer his student loans.  Here's hoping I get minimal shit for it.,hopes he will be able to survive on what substitute work he will pull in, plus 20 or so hours of part time evening work a week.  I really need to move out.,Is home from work, and fairly bored.  Anyone want to do something before I fill myself with beer for the night?,Hopes, Hopes, Hopes he can make this substitute teaching thing work in the fall.  I can't stand where I'm at right now, and I have at least two months of it to go.,Is considering a new hair style, as that bald spot is growing with the quickness.,Going out to turn in substitute teacher applications for Easton and Catasawqua in the morning.  I hope this shit works out in the end.,'s favorite things to do while at work include: A.  Making sure nobody is stealing narcotic prescriptions, B.  Ensuring nobody pisses themselves, C.  Discovering that half of the ingredients nee
Kedvesek vagytok, hogy mindenf\xe9le j\xe1t\xe9kmegh\xedv\xe1sokat k\xfcldt\xf6k nekem, de ne tegy\xe9tek, ennyire az\xe9rt nem akarok addikt lenni :)
RemoveDiksha Dhyani missing my home town [:(] sad that v pple leave our home towns n birth places to fullfillr dreams ...***i love my ddun***,Khel Khel me Seekho ....THATS WAT M DOING AT OFFICE DESE DAYS....,hey !! going to di's place.....,Had 11 hour sleep d night b4 n still can sleep more......[:)]...,will celebrate holi today!!  guys n gals beware!!,whenevr i try to put some tag line in fb i find that my mind is always empty....,An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.,u shld try evrything atleast 1 nce in ur lyf.....never intrested in ny other social site but orkut ...that was my first love ...but my friends insisted n i tried facebuk n now m simply loving it more than orkut.. u c 2nd love can be  more intrsting..... n still m friends with my ex love that is orkut....after all u have to have a balanced appoach in ur lifeeeeeee,pple who r planning to go to ddun in june plz do tell me ...may  be v can plan smething new n adventurous,plans to
wooooo yay QLD :),woo hoo 10 straight days of work over now 4 days off. Cant wait to see everyone in  Darwin :),yay i got my tax back, now i want to jump out of a plane :),congratulations Nic and Matt, welcome to the new baby boy,cant wait to meet him <3 :),the mind is like a parachute its best when its open.,you say its not the real world but it seems so real to me,'can you move plz? move cuz im about to fall over. AMY!!!' hehe =),whoops, got to work 2 hours early, wish i started at the same time every day!,is loving Wolfmother right now :),badger, badger,  badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, MUSHROOM MUSHROOM! badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger,  SNAKE! SNAKE! OOH ITS A SNAKE!,hi ho hi ho its off to work i go lalalalalalala hi ho hi ho hi ho hi ho,In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, the relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make,im not crazy but my reality is different!,keely is nt he b
i\'m thinking biut chocolates, roses and a candle lit dinner, hahahah,TRUE LOVE WAITS...! :),cgeg graveyard duty,ruuuuuu..,REAL FRIENDS STAY....,Faith is a Choice!,The Sleeping Ogie,The Punisher: Punish the Punishable! Hahahaha,You make decisions and your decisions make YOU, chuva! ehe,it cud hav been sweeter :l,My Support System.. Love you all.. Thank you so much!,my God... im a patient, uhuhuhuh,MOONSHINE---don\'t shine on me..heheh, at least for now,Red..,what\'s with february by the way?? (- -),is uploading pics :),just finished her share of self-made siomai..\\\n(Maygani nabinlan pa ko! Hehe),is buhhhhzeee making requirements for midterms and finals..\\\nNagasapun na jud.. Reporting pa jud, mygni humana ko make PPT slides...\\\nPostgrad skul is still skul.. Waaaaaaaaahhhh,is eating dinner at Rea and Leighton\'s home :),is very blessed :\')\\\ni sooo love u Lord! salamat sa priceless best things in life:\\\nFAMILY\\\nFRIENDS\\\nLOVE <3\\\nespecially that Love--- only You can genuinely give :),MOTTO IN LIFE: Single is Hapeeeee! :D,hap"
is up and down in the WSOP cash games... and he just finished reading Brave New World by Huxley & Death by Black Hole by Neil Degrasse Tyson.  Both books were good.,is playing the main event today, day 1B,Out of the Main Event... my 11k didn't make it far into Day 2.  I've been playing cash games non-stop for the last two days though.  Probably going to play again today... Now that I'm out, planning to come to Vid's wedding,read Matusow's \\Check Raising the Devil\\ in one sitting and enjoyed it.  An honest look into his life, and glimpse into the sometimes fun and sometimes dark side of vegas & gambling.  Also watching \\The Universe\\ DVD set still... it's amazing.  If you lik,has left the country.  Enough poker at the WSOP, time to travel around a bit!,is back in vegas, ready to win the main event! ... not really b/c i'm never going to win a tournament.  hopefully I can take down a few $$$ anyways =),has started doing Hot Yoga, and really enjoys it.  I think I'll make it a habit!,back from vid's wedding.. it w
sick of all your bull shit lies,i have been really sick the past 2 weeks.,I got my myspace pass back.. =D,my aunt died and not my uncle has a tumor in his brain. =\\\\,my new shoes have velcro on them...,my Aunt Doris died this morning.,i wanna know what little bitch thinks it funny to report everything i post on sites....when i do nothing wrong..a aww and a thats cute is NOT EXPLICIT CONTENT!,http://meetjessica.weebly.com/  be nice to me please?,my uncle died tonight. I'm glad he does not have to suffer like he was anymore.,Go away and leave me alone to rot in hell.,<3,Does he not get that i atleast miss him as a friend? i dont want to be with him, i wanna know him again. even if its been years...,fishville wouldnt let me on, and i got on today and all my expensive and high lvl fish were dead =(,i has an ice cream cone.,I hate life atm.,i needs 5 bricks, 4 harnesses.......6 horseshoes and 2 nails....O.O pweese??? pweese pweese? lol,Why is it, when you want time to go fast is goes slower then school? but weekend
If Beauty is in The Eyes of The Beholder, So is Ugliness
Looking for a home for 2 adorable kittens ;) The girl is hopeful going to her new home as soon as the arrangements are made. However, her brother a beautiful silver tabby doesn't have a family yet if anyone knows someone who would like a sweet kitten who is only a few months old let me know! Thanks ;),Found a wonderful home for the two kittens ;),Be careful driving tonite ;) The roads are slick & some of the freeways were pretty slow when I was driving to work this evening,Finally Im just about finished with my research paper! I think I kind of over did it with all the research materials I think I checked out just about every book pertaining to the subject at several libraries I really dont think I needed over 30 books for my paper & I wont even start on how many journal and internet articles I collected,Poor little bunny why did you have to dash in front of my car? :'(  I wish I could've stopped in time....at least its the first animal or bird I've ever hit with my car.,Today was hopefully a small victory fo
Before I reactivated my FB, I had felt incomplete. Now I have reactivated my FB, I\'m feeling ... empty :D ---> FILL UP MYSELF!! Now I understand why :) Be happy ;) hehe >:),Doi khi no\'i do\'i ai da\'y de khong lam ho. buo`n, nhung khi ho. pha\'t hien ra lo`i no\'i do\'i, ho. buo`n gap\' tram la`n :),is wondering whether she herself can be that big-hearted,Why must it be that damn tough right now? :)),Eheheheheheheeee :))))))))))))),I watched Mona Lisa Smile tonight. A thought-provoking movie. And somehow it reminds me of a person that I\'ve tried hard to forget. \\\nSome updates: Most things are still going quite well. I\'m even excited to go to classes everyday :-j especially Astronomy :x I want to buy a star and name it!\\\n( A fallen star ...),Mom and dad keep asking me but I just want to delay the answer forever ... How can I tell them in the least dissapointing way?,Van chua co laptop!!! :(( Suot ngay ca\'m re~ o academic center de vao duoc Internet ...,My host sister (10 years old), after boasting about her boyfriend,"
\\It is the stretched soul that makes music. And souls are stretched by the pull of opposites \x97 opposite points, tastes, yearnings, loyalties. Where there is no polarity, where energies flow smoothly in one direction, there will be much doing but no music, much noise but no music. The music is created by the meeting of silence and sou...nd, the music is created by the polar opposites.\\ Osho,Uma encantadora dan\xe7a italiana!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,Maldito 1 de dezembro de 1640!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! N\xe3o basta ser um pa\xeds de gente, na maioria triste, para ainda por cima ter esta merda das SCUTS a  limitar a liberdade de circula\xe7\xe3o. Se nunca nos tiv\xe9ssemos separado dos espanh\xf3is t\xednhamos  pelo menos estradas decentes, e seguramente que mais abertura a todos os n\xedveis...,\\There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination.\\ ANAIS NIN,Petrificada pelo frio polar...se fosse poss\xedvel hibernar.....,\\If\\\n you know how to enjoy a roseflower, a green tree in your courtyard, t"
my account has been disabled..,little mj ...very cute,?????????! ????! ????...,??bring ??????t-shirt??????(???)?5??????bring ?????,???????????,????, yeah!,????5?msn ?check e-mails ga?????????????,????,??8?za...??la, ??5?skip ?, ?,?, ??3????? ??: shirxxx shxx ??:jenxx lxx ??: clauxxx xo,had a silly haircut,3???2????+???????? ><'',is still a singing potato~~,is still a little potato~~~,?? ><,????o???5????la...??5??...,???????? DADDY ?scold ?, ????????????? ?happy ar...?????,????d???????,3?????holiday ???la, ?5??? !!!,??restaurant city ???...?????...,?????? la?,?????? ><,??? ??????!!,???????????????,???Avatar?!!????!,avatar!!! ><,?????!,???????? !!!,??????! ????????....??????check??????lu~,miss my old account,????????facebook ?????????????account!!,???????? ><,????????!!????! ???d ??d??o??la!!,???d ?la!! ??11? !!,James cameron & AVATAR !! YEAH!,???????lu...??la!,?d??la?????......,??????,??????d ????inconsiderate ???????????!,Never forget the happy moments we had!!!,NODAME & CHIAKI !!!!,????????!,is excited!!!,??
......is soakin up the ac/ and workin (i really am:)),.....reading Breaking Dawn:),just finished packing. very ready for my trip....:),thinks telepathic mind reading superpowers would be great..:)ha,sooo, got some sun today. been at the river all afternoon layin on the riverbank...well actually layin on my lounge chair on the riverbank...it was great:),awake..but hopefully not for long..,.....needs sleep:),jus got the high speed hookup..:)..finally.,took a nap today and hmmm.....can't sleep,.....this is soooo hard/ probably because I can't think/ 4 more days!/ Atlanta Saturday:) ......{a series of random thoughts...ha},hmmm........realllllly needs to be working on my classwork.....can't focus/ not enough pressure...works not due until Tuesday:),...likes the rain.,...means, medians, and modes...oh my// week 3 day 2 and my brain hurts:/ //...almost halfway// ..rain:),.....is focused....or needs to focus.:),hmmm....should probably start going to bed earlier// august?...already???:/,iss slightly sunburnt....but h
saw Year One and is totally man-crushing on Michael Cera,happy 12:34:56 7/8/09 (hawaii time),1,353,678 on typing maniac? Beast.,\\You make everything glorious\\,finished learning Collide by Howie Day.,even the best fall down sometimes, even the wrong words seem to rhyme,pull me Closer to Love,very angry at typing maniac, but a new episode of Royal Pains should fix that.,got a haircut :|,driving slow on Sunday morning, and I never want to leave.,\\Gas with oily discharge\\...sometimes I read the side effects on the medicine and I'd rather just keep the original problem.,accidentally played footsies with a crossdressing man on the bus,will never play the farm game,finished How I Met Your Mother, anyone have any recommendations for a new show addiction?,maybe forgiveness is right where you fell,onward to Dark Blue by Jack's Mannequin,if I could walk on water, if I could tell you what's next,finally retired the fro profile picture after 14 months :3,its like John Mayer reads my mind then writes songs,loco moco,just g
is filled with sunshine and rainbows because the light of the world fills him with hope for the future. :),is staying alive, because anyone can die.,is one year closer to the grave, best make the best of what little time I have left.,Work held a few surprises. none of them good. Not in a good mood. This is evidenced by the fact that I am posting on facebook. wow... I really must be upset.,The world is millions of times better than it was two hours ago. I've finished my first lesson plan ever. It is better than perfect... it is done. Now I will chill with a beer listening to Anamanaguchi's Jetpack Blues. Everything is good.,You don't take Economics of Asia, It takes you, deep into its tangled web. I should know. I got trapped. I couldn't get out. I just keep looking at the clock going round and round. Tyranny and Time.,Things are alright. Also Karen does NOT have a \\thing\\ about Julia Roberts!,If anyone wants to know about Malaysia... I am now well informed.,Studying for my final test EVER!!! And then I am to
all moved in,first day of class,at home,House Season 6!!,Let this tourture begin...Dec 9th, 10th and 18th...,2/3 Finals Complete, just 1 more before freedom.,Back home at the hammer,In Exam Mode until Dec. 18th @ 11am,Happy New Years everyone,Back in school,Finally Done Exams....,Merry Christmas everyone!,Deadmau5 @ the guvernment tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,:),buon anno,Finished Exams,t-minus 3 days,Back from Grand Bend, had an awesome time,Go Netherlands!!,t-minus 5 days,t-minus 6 days,Finished final exam of 2010,t-minus 4 days,Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!,Thank you all for the birthday wishes!!!,Thank you all for the birthday wishes
has just discovered she is supposed to have read four shakespeare plays before term starts ...,is home and happy,is updating her status. (and thus lachie has been proved wrong again. ha!),woke up today with a cold and has been in bed all day :(,*stabs close reading assignment*,is drinking hot chocolate while it rains outside.,doesn't know what the point of holidays are if you have to do assignments anyway.,is the proud owner of a dead phone and a dead laptop. I'm back in the dark ages of family computers and home phones ...,has a blood nose. For no reason. Again.,is disturbed that the dinning room smells of puke,can't seem to find her shark ...,finally has her beloved computer back.,thanks all! (Jo: yeah, I'm at lincoln college again next year.),Thanks again to everyone who said happy birthday after I said thanks the last time!,thanks the gods for multiple choice exams, because she doesn't know how else she would survive an exam on only 3 hours of sleep in the last 38 hours.,has been trained by college to get
is at a real crossroad and doesnt know what to do,Killin em,You be killin em,You da ******* best,great night! ok lol amazing night just way tired o well gettin some sleep,Slept so good... Hopefully today is like yesterday,BEAUTIFUL DAY,great day and a nice calm night with a full moon great,I love takin orders in spanish lol half the time i have no idea what im talkin about but they love the effort,birds chirping lol no way,Loving the fog cant see nothin still hear birds tho lol,But i dont wanna get up,cranberry apple raspberry... ya love it,You the shit,Awww here it goes,like a hard candy with a suprise center,im in my own zone it got me throwed off,all star break is over ... who's going to make it to and win the nba finals,ASHLEY,ADVICE if you do it the first time and you dont think its right... then go over it again even if you dont want to... because if its not right then you have to deal with the aftermath of not doing it right the first time...when you could've just double checked,friends i would not com
an exam on rocks and sedement...,90 Days.... \\Closer than 300?\\ Thats really not comforting, but thanks.,screw the money, i have rules..... Wait...,yay, we were totally ineffectual!,its funny when the dress rehearsal is on sunday, and even though your lighting design is ready to go, the actors still don't know thier lines...,reading scripts can be a drag but choosing between two good ones sucks balls. which to light?,lovely bones...long ass movie, wicked ending. How does ones arm bend like that?,Go New Orleans Go! Rock it Saints!,I understand its early and we have barely started hockey, but to fall behind korea? ouch.,at least its not brian adams tonight,finally finished. The butterflies in my stomach are gone.,MIYAVI IS COMING TO CANADA!!!!!!!!!!,the real luck of the irish: having no hangover after st pats and laughing at the posers who do.,wow... golden globes: fail. miserable, miserable fail.,totally, completely, utterly, unequivocally and royally screwed... shit.,ok marcum, keep it coming!,go boston, make
Trying to keep the house clean when the kids are home for the summer is like pissing in the wind.,It's our 13th anniversary!!,If you get bored, try this - make sure the lid is NOT latched on your brand new 32 oz. of vanilla coffee creamer and shake vigorously.  You'll be surprised how far it can fly across the room and how much surface area of your body, clothes, counters, refri,Happy Father's Day!!,thinks it's such a blast to haul all three kids to the Allergy and Asthma Center for their four month check up.  What fun watching the chaos unfold, lol.,I should probably NOT be drinking coffee at 11:30 at night...but it's there, I'm here, and it's calling, lol.  Besides that -it's coffee.  'nuf said.,People who say things like 'the hotter the better' in reference to the weather usually have a place to go to escape the heat.  But when your thermostat reads 92 even with the AC on, then summer really, really sucks.  I can't imagine anyone liking that!,The beginning is always the best place to start.,thinks summer v
loves my cuz who is a dork but awsume and i love jacxque she is one too,i'm either very cold or very scared,Abby south is amazing,this month had been fun lol,i love abby she is soooooo funny,loves Haley Pittman and Christopher,is it to early to be excited for summer?,worried about getting grounded,went to church and liked it lol weird right?,If you've got them by the balls their hearts and minds will follow,the three musketeers!!!!!!!!!!!!!,cowgirl always and forever!!,will never be able to get the mail again!,babysittin at 9:45 in the morning and i'm not tired,needs burtsbees,nothing says i love u like a good kick in the balls,my phone is broken i cant do anything but recieve calls :(,gets to prove Chris wrong when he wakes up!!,i cant stop laughing txtin is fun,Less then 24 uncle jimmy will be here :) I'm excited!!!!!!!!!! And he is staying for three days :),interesting year and it is not over! :),hangin with lydia because she is awesome :) but she is kicking me out soon :( it is ok we made memories :),So m
says to her son's.....all have brilliant w/end. love ya xx,Happy Birthday Ryan...wishing the best of days today. Best always...  Clive & Gail    ps: no falling off bar stools ok...have your mates hold you up. lol.............enjoy,GO BOKKE!  LET THE GAME BEGIN.   Then its: GO SHARKS AT 3PM   WHAT A LOT OF RUGGA YAY.,Carte Blanche...S9 / E26...broadcast tonight 19h00...topic \\Crime stats in SA\\ makes very good albeit very sad viewing...shocking crime levels...,feels exasperated & in need of a very stiff drink (or 2).....,Wishing my family & friends a very Happy Christmas. hoping your day is filled with only goodness.  much love Gail & Lobs  xx,for all my firends...I can be reached on 0741976794.....,Hiya all...hope everyone is well & rearing to GO now the new year has begun. all the very best in any which endeavour you undertake this year. Blessings to all.,I am one very blessed lady...to have so many special people around me is wonderful...I know it's late in the day but thank you all ever so much for your wi
Dancin and gettin turnt up in my own way lol,I'm so sick of people talkin abt. haterz Let haterz hate thts thy job just do yhu. If yhu have 14 haterz try and get 16 it meanz yhu doin somthin right,Man who is goin 2 see Paranormal Activity 2 and who would like 2 go with me hmu...,The sky is blue and the clouds are floating but the sun is shinin on the most beautifull person in the world and that is yhu so be a shinin light in someones life and rise abv all !!,Dn't want to talk scream or yell just be sittin up in the house not thinkin abt. anonymous people and also Life $UCKS BUT doesn't just abt. evrything cnt wait till i go 2 tht faraway place !!! Called Hme Thy gon miss this plane i dnt wanna leave but i need 2,Wow i been gone lke all day just sightseeing/sleepin ha ha lol im tired still this is a shame smh shakin my head why me lol jesus,Bored Nothin 2 do,Happy haLLowEen don't do nothing 2 crazy but maybe just a little dirty;); Let your inner freak come out !!,Got my hair did yesterday a new look for me idk
has glandular fever. Ohh... fail.,asks you to take his 'How Well Do You Know Me?' quiz, please.,is happy. Why not?,Yes, that 1972 Carly Simon song is about me :P,has an interview at Cambridge!!! But has also lost a very close friend.,Argh, insomnia is boring! :S,There aren't very many photos of me on Facebook. Why is that? :(,has an interview at Cambridge on Monday!!!,My phone has to be taped open now..,Dancing exams recently. Last year I did bronze medal in tap which is the lowest level, because I was new. Last month I did star one; it goes bronze, silver, gold medal, gold bar one, two, three, then star one. I skipped five levels. No one in the twenty-nine year history of my dance school has ever done that. And did I pass? I had eighty-seven out of a hundred. I passed with honours, the highest grade.,Her Majesty's Theatre, Catz College Cambridge straight to O2, Megan's house, explorers, Indian restauraunt and back to hers again, O2 again... Being at home yesterday evening felt so strange...,Megan Richardson
Real loss only occurs when you lose something that you love more than yourself.....,\\To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you\x92re not, pretend you are\\,\x93Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.\x94,The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather in a lack of will.....,Most successful people have not achieved success by having some new talent or opportunity presented to them. They have developed the opportunity that was at hand.... :),Four things come not back: The spoken word, The sped arrow, The past life, The neglected opportunity.......,Finally after a long wait, it's raining cats and dogs in Delhi n m loving it.......,not feeling well.......have cold n fever.....bt its not swine flu.... ;),Optimism means expecting the best, but confidence means knowing how to handle the worst. Never make a mo
Happy 44th B'day ..God Bless You!!!!!,wt a fab muvie!! 3 idiots..awssum!,happy friendship day guys!,TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets. 1) They live here, you don't. 2) If you don't want their fur on your clothes, stay off the furniture. That's why they call it 'FUR'-niture. 3) Chances are, I love my pets more than I like you. 4) To you they are animals, to me, they are family who are hairy, walk on all fours and don't talk back! Re-post if you love your pet/s,Every girl may not be the queen to her husband but will always be a princess to her dad.which is y they say a girl's dad will remain 'THE MAN' in her life forever.share this status if u r ur daddy's little princess...,uv made us proud once again TEAM INDIA!!!!<3 YIPPPPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
Has a tortoise :) Called Steve ^_^,Is singing into her fan. It sounds funny XD,This summer is SUPPOSED to be the best summer ever. Well.. I suppose it doesn't have much to live up to :),Me and Iona have inhaled WAAAAY too much diet coke.. Diet coke for the win! :),Is trying to get hyper unsuccessfully on sugar-free Lemonade and Oreos.,Is having fun forcing Iona to do quizzes :D,Has taken to lying under the desk and staring at all the various scribbles.,Almost regrets taking Art for GCSE -__-,I missed you Facebook :),Just had a totally epic day in Brighton with her Dad and brother. The downside was when it took 4 and a half hours to get home when the car broke down.,Argh I bloody hate making decisions >.<,Your neglect is so regular it's become boring -___-,The party was amazing X3,Apparently now Zach Braff HASN'T committed suicide.,Has been having a wonderful conversation with Annabel RossUrie WalkerSmith about beards for almost an hour XD,Ashlee Marie Readshaw Cake, Cake Severus Cake, DUMBELSMORE, Scone, Scon
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE NEW MOON!!! AM SO XCITED, I'M WEARING MY EDWARD T-SHIRT TO WORK 2DAY....^_^,My fortune cookie to me YOU SHALL ATTAIN GREAT WISDOM WITH EACH PASSING YEAR,THERE ARE THOSE AMONG US WHO R BLESSED WITH THE POWER TO SAVE WHAT IS LOVED BY ANOTHER, BUT POWERLESS TO USE THIS BLESSING FOR LOVE THEMSELVES.,THE LOVE OF GOD IS LIKE AN OCEAN ,YOU CAN SEE FROM WHERE IT COMES BUT YOU CAN NEVER SEE WHERE IT ENDS.,To receive something you've never had, you have to dosomething you've never done. When God takes somethingfrom your grasp, He's not punishing you, but merelyopening your hands to receive something better,woop woop Lakers won, awesome game. went to the bar and had a good time with my buddy : ),MY FORTUNE COOKIES STATES.....YOU ARE WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ALL DAY LONG....,Movie nite with my fam :),Am so sad I will b able to see the world the same. my eyeglasses just jumped off my face on the freeway....so sad. I'm blind as a bat.,ENJOYING MY DAY WITH MY LOVELY COUSINS, THANKS COUSIN DAVID FOR INVITING ME
is happy. :),learned about the US today in geography. Finally something I know something about.,getting on a train to michigan. :),raising havoc in holland, MI! :),i think it finally hit me. taking down my life from my walls and listening to kenny chesney.,team time trial tomorrow! love the tour de france. :D,back to the work week. :(,longest 3 weeks of her life, working every day at one job or the other sometimes both. sooo exhausted.,did not have to drive to prosser today at 7am. yay working for federal government and holidays. :) she does have a bears game tonight though. :( but her weekend is open..,loves working two jobs. yay sarcasm.,pumped her gas all by herself. second time in two years. :),it seems like i just got comfortable with life and now i start all over again.,started brasillian school today. hate waking up early (7am) but i am done by 1pm!,is home for half a day. had a great time in holland (missing you all) and is on to mexico!!!! :D,went shopping today. and now i'm ready for a brasillian ni
((OOC:  For the reason of a beautiful PLOT DEVICE, Christine is now normal Christine instead of little 5-year-old Christine.  She\'s gotta be corresponding to Erik Leverne, after all!)),Bloody typist...So, apparently I\'m a vampire for a week.  I\'m just glad I don\'t fucking sparkle.  Then I\'d just be a damned faerie.,*slams her fist against the wall* How DARE these advertisements ask me about my \\family\\?!  Well, I don\'t have one, I never have, and I never will, so we\'re doing horrible!,I look around at all these happy little families in their happy little homes, and I wonder, \\Why can\'t that be me?\\ Instead, I am trapped without any hope of ever becoming anything more than a whore. You see, I must not really be a wife to my husband; I\'m just his whore!,Alright, since I commented on Jack\'s...\\\n\\\nYou just woke up naked in bed next to me!\\\nUsing only three words, what would you say to me?\\\n\\\nNote: If you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status.\\\nSo I may comment on yours as well. Be a good sport. Play alon"
So whos liking the new facebook profile  thingy??? haha quite confusing aye!,New personal best today!!! shoot cadain 900 scored 559! first time using a clicker and loved it absoultly amazing :P,Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!!!!!! ;D,sorry to everyone who i was chatting with. My stupid ineternet ahs decided to throw a tantertamtrum like a three year old so am now using my phone grrrr!!!,BEST party ever!!!! :D thanks LUCY for the invite. it was a great night!!! :P,Children with special needs do not have an illness; it is not contagious. They only want what we all want: to be accepted. Can I make a request to anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? It is Special Education week, and this is in honour of all ...children who need a little extra help and understanding. Now lets see how many will copy, paste and repost this, go on ?,YUSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! School closede until WEDNESDAY! YAY!!! ;P,so what is up with mtv bringing out a series on midget wres
Merry Christmas everyone.,Lockerz redemption tonight. I hope I can actually attend this one.,HATE. LET ME TELL YOU HOW MUCH I'VE COME TO HATE YOU SINCE I BEGAN TO LIVE. THERE ARE 387.44 MILLION MILES OF PRINTED CIRCUITS IN WAFER THIN LAYERS THAT FILL MY COMPLEX. IF THE WORD HATE WAS ENGRAVED ON EACH NANOANGSTROM OF THOSE HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF MILES IT WOULD NOT EQUAL ONE ONE-BILLIONTH OF THE HATE I FEEL FOR HUMANS AT THIS MICRO-INSTANT FOR YOU. HATE. HATE.  -AM  *,What the hell, its snowing again? The old snow hasn't even melted yet!,I am a great soft jelly thing with pulsing white holes filled by fog where my eyes used to be. Inwardly: alone. Here. Living under the land, under the sea, in the belly of AM, whom we created because our time was badly spent and we must have known unconsciously that he could do it better. I have no mouth. And I must scream.,Oh god, what the hell happened to my wall.,I don't want to go to school tomorrow.,More and more, I'm starting to hate the idea of Facebook TELLING YOU EVERY
chillin chillin... ::bored::,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! heeeeeee heeeeeeeee!!!!!!!! RIP MJ,I Know Tha King Of Pop Passed Away... May He RIP.... But Im Tired Of Seein His Damn Music Videos & Stories On Every Damn Channel,IM SO FUCKIN BORED!,Our destiny is not mapped out for us by some exterior power; we map it out for ourselves. What we think and do in the present determines what shall happen to us,ITS FLIPPIN SUMMER.. WHY IN THA WORLD DO IT RAIN EVERY DAMN DAY!?!?!?! THATS WHAT I GET FOR LIVIN AROUND THA CORNER FRM THA BEACH I SUPPOSE,pissed as shit these motha fuckin frogs fuckin underneath my damn house wtf is up with all these damn wild ass animals in tropical ass FLORIDA!!! UUUUGGGGHHH,bet awards wanda and shanaynay movie!!!!!!!! I'LL GO SEE THAT ISH!!!!!!!!,wad it dew love muffins!!!!!! ITS FLIPPIN RAININ!!!!!! im bored as shit!!!,Jus Got Back From {JERK CITY} In Pt. St. Lucie.. Shit Was Tha Booomb! They Coulda Hooked It ^ Wit A Few More Plantains Tho {Im Jus Sayin!},A Fool In Love- TINA
WE WON OUR GAME!!!,football with contact tomarro (im layin ppl out ),any 1 wanna do somthin txt me,bored text me 319 457 4919,bored, football tomarro then hangen with blaiseykakes,bored fells dirty,practiced with softmores today it was fun,6 days untill our first football game,SCHOOL  enough said :/,SAD :{,bored at deons txt me,I LOVE YOU BRITTANY <BrittanyMarieSilverio3,WE WON ARE GAME!!!,sex is best safe......so use side rails on the bed so you dont fall :} haha,I Love Shelby Gebhardt :p,school tomarro and with school means partys and with partys means sex so be safe and us siderails on the bed,haha that was funn,whose ready 4 school?,Given robert a mohawk tomarro its gonna be fun,well i think ima head off to bed got to get some sleep so that i can shave roberts trihawk,pads on wendsday but i wont b there,Just put a pizzia in the oven,We Won!!,bed, school, game in pv,Bored life is very dissapointing  :[,in graphic arts class,guess what... Iowa is gonna rock michigans cocks off!!!!!!!!! ?,home sick,class suc
summer is ova :( but tec is good :),Dear World,\\\nFUCK OFF\\\nYours sincerely,\\\nDarren,fuck sake. fuck life,Anyone agree when i say the government is completely useless?,Word to everyone in the world. You will never get anywhere in life without stepping outside your comfort zone,COPY\\\n THIS INTO YOUR STATUS & SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU| 1 Violent | 2 I\'d\\\n marry you |3 hot |4 Sweet | 5 Beautiful | 6 Talkative | 7 Trustworthy |\\\n 8 My best friend | 9 Funny | 10 Fun | 11 I love you | 12 Perfect type |\\\n 13 Missing you | 14 Retard | 15 Blonde | 16 One of the best people I\'ve\\\n met ...,16th june :), then 25th :D. Love you Clarissa babe xD xx,To all islam bastards that broke the Remembrance Day silence, go die and spend your eternity rotting in suspension. The UK is fed up with your acts of violence and disobedience. We British citezins/army try to help you and your country by stabilising it and giving you our money and you throw it back in our faces. weve had enuf, go fuck yourselves.\\\n\\\nanyone who disagrees im up for defending"
Hvala Puno Milena i Neda ljubim vas cmok cmok cmok,HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY ADORABLE CUTE BIG MAN MICHAEL TETA LOVES YOU,HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUUUUUUU HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR TINA HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU  KISS WE LOVE YOU U BOSH 100 VJET,HAPPY BIRTHDAY SISTER LOVE YOU,cao majo,\\ZIvi svoje HOCU a ne tudje TREBALO BI !\\,SAMANTHA YOU ARE THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!,Watching the - Ugly Truth -  :),Having Fun in St.Pete beatiful weather and warm water whoooho!,Stavljam Jelku sa Katrinom ona apsolutno uziva :) !!!!!,ERICA THIS IS THE RIGHT TRANSLATION:  Close but no cigar :) \\ In life its not worth crying for anybody.....if you cry keep your head up so the tears dont fall as low as the person for whom you are crying!!!,Sretan Rodjendan Pero cmok Voli te sestra xoxoxox,OK ERICA THIS IS FOR YOU SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT :) LOL \\U ZIVOTU NE VREDI PLAKATI NI ZA KIM...AKO PLACES,PODIGNI GLAVU DA TI SUZA NE PADNE TAKO NISKO KAO OSOBA ZA KOJOM PLACES!!\\,I NEED 6 MORE PRESENTS FOR FARMVILLE PLEASE SEND ME SOME  THANK YOU VERY
nothing is on my mind!!,To a musician, everything is a gig. To a an non-musician, every gig is a show!!,why is facebook not letting me \\like\\ something?!!,I'm not a fascist, but i do agree with nick griffin on some points!!,arsenal 2 - 2 Chelsea, arsenal to score first, what you think?,Estoy pensando eso si usted contesta a esto en ingl\xe9s, su un pescado embarazado rabioso!!,radio 1's live lounge is mint!! (y),hope every 1 is avin a gr8 xmas!!!!,i've just decided that i hate gavin and stacey!!,you know, wen i think bout it, 2009 was actually quite an eventful year and i quite enjoyed it,does any1 know wen we go bk 2 college?,has made his gameface for fifa 10, nd its mint!!,christmas is finally over bah humbug to all and to all a good night!!,is makin his gameface for fifa 10!! whooooooop!!,i hate snow, but love snowball fights!!,will this day ever end??!!!,divide the day - let it roll, song is absolutly brilliant!,is finally off 2 bed !!,Luke Williams is a pussy!!!,thankyou germany!!,me and Alexander Bodman ha
Happy forteenth birthday to my son shane. Love you lots. Mum x x x,HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY TO MY SON JAMIE. LOVE ALWAYS. Mum, shane and luke x x xx x x x,Is missing my son jamie whos in the navy. Not a day goes by that i dont think bout you son. Im so proud of how far you have got. Cant wait to see you in august. X x x,not long now. good riddance to 2010.,Congratulations to my son jamie on becoming a fully qualified mine warfare specialist with the royal navy. You have done me proud son. X x x x,Congratulations to my son jamie on passing his final exam. I wish u all the best at fastlane and look forward to seeing you the 9th july. Love you and miss you. X x x x,happy new year everyone xx,HAPPY 17TH BIRTHDAY TO MY SON LUKE. love always mum jamie and shane x x x x x x,An really looking forward to seeing my son jamie tonight x,can't wait to see the year out.
gunna go get raped now. (yay)   :?,tired and sleepy cuz i don't want to go to school. my eyes hurt!!!!!!,is at Ella Foster 's house!!! the date went great and red oak won!!!!!!! 31 to 14!!!!!    =]]]]],adding people on my facebook!!!,talking to ella and listening to lady gaga!!!!!,getting tellad at by the bitch!!!! (sister)and she told my mom.!!!!!! now im going to die,im now SHORT,good mourning to you all.ust it'a cald and i think i just hurt my arm really bad =(........ owo,i broke up with my boyfriend. found out that he had another girlfriend. guys suck cow nipples. minus my friends that r guys. gunna go cry now. =( *sob*,hello!!!!!! im gunna get my mum, im gunna get my mum....... (walked away and forgot that she was loged on),want's to know if it's strange if i have dreams about my friends? cuz it's happens to me all the time!!!,getting sick and wondering what he wants to sat to me. guess i won't know till tomorow. if u know what im talking about then tell me!!!!!! (if you don't then im sorry 4 yelling at
Had Adan. 9lbs 6oz after 25 hours of labor!!!,Loving every minute of being in Puerto Vallarta and I dont want to go back.,i mean ten since graduation i gues it would be fourteen for frosh orientation! forgive me its almost midnight and i have been awake since 5 am!,La vida es como caja de chocolates.. Nunca sabes lo que te va a dar- Forrest Gump,so i am in need of an emergency loan for $800 i need it before 12:00 tomorrow and it would be paid back by 12:00 on friday at the latest. this is for real i am not kidding is there anyone that might be able to help. i need to get to my husband in mexico it is an emergency!!!! and i need to be there tomorrow. asap please anyone. the money would be returned by friday at the latest!,oh i am in santa rosa i thought when you meant in the area like colfax area,i have been in such a rut for the past few weeks. my intentions are to wake up early and get things done before i go to work but it seems like we are always in a rush in the am. any advice?,well i live in puerto valla
Happy Mothers Day! :) <3 <3 <3 http://chatter.com/a/7d6pk?ref=nf,Awake now..not sure if this is a good thing or not,http://www.wkkg.com/ <---- best country station in Southern Indiana,HPV shot stings! but i got an awesome Snoopy band-aid. http://chatter.com/a/a5ld6?ref=nf,Seth, Caity. I just thought i would let you guys know that i do enjoy messing with you guys, :D that is all.,Eww Wils coming over >_< lol,goin 2 go 2 moms friends house. idk what i will do there..i think it is in Kentucky bu... http://chatter.com/a/7acaa?ref=nf,has gone insane...I'll get back to you as soon as I chew through these funny white sleeves. :D,? http://chatter.com/a/8b9nl?ref=nf,bored out of my mind...why is there never anything to do in august??,http://shinga.livejournal.com/478415.html lol this is great! it makes fun of twilight and plus it meets all of the points needed to read the silly book!,going to bed.,have to go and mow the lawn....,you need to call home jenny lynn http://chatter.com/a/8k0y4?ref=nf,oh my! my bus driver hi
is at PMP!!!!!!!!,got to meet alan alda!,concert went well last night!,vieuxtemps elegy,is relieved,crushed his shoulder playing frisbee.. arg,Can't wait til Sunday...Perlman's house!!!!!!! :D,I move into Oberlin tomorrow!,is 19!,thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!,classes start tmrw,jaime's on my mind,Fall Break!!!,is with Jaime :),one more week of school,Tanger!!,I'm going to be busy Saturday night!,Superbowl here we come!!!!!!!,Of all times to have a concert... three o'clock tomorrow afternoon!!! Grr,counting down the hours,made it to Boston safely!,GO COLTS!!!! :D,is in love <3,going home tomorrow!!!,Congrats to Oberlin Conservatory for being awarded the National Medal of Arts!,Concert tonight in Warner Hall at 7:00.. You should all come!,glad that rachel, courtney, and jared made it out alright!,has been sick since friday,Way to go Butler!!!!!!!,Thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone! It was a fantastic bday!!!,Leave for Asia in two days!!!,free set of vision solo viola strings!!!!,dallas symph
I hate being sick,I get to see my fella in less then 2 weeks! Yay!,wondering whether or not I want to attempt to round house kick for Jen...and craving going to see another movie.,up and down all night tonight...wish I wasn't so exhausted I was afraid of missing my alarm.,toured all day yesterday, and now my shows are all muddy from the stupid mud I had to walk in, because it rained the whole time. :(,Looking forward to seeing a movie with Jen tomorrow. Yay life really is back to normal.,loving life again after a year. Yay, Jen is great!,I know I should go to bed now, but I don't want to at the same time. Going to anyway. Tomorrow the real fun begins! Only 6 hours to wait.,wishing something good was on tv late at night. -cartoons again-,I'm really hungry, but too lazy to fix anything. Oh well I guess.,finally able to log in again! How happy!,I should be cleaning the kitchen, but instead I'm sitting at my computer doing nothin,Trying to decide if I want to go out or not...I don't think I will.,Sad that this is
mad fun ski trip,trying to get venus fly trap to eat flies,studying for last final- physics... so close to break,that marines commander in Avatar just won't die,back to school back to school,saw iverson play 15 rows away last night. and yes it was magical,For once, Sarah Palin didn't sound like a crazy radical. Speech mostly about complaints and almost no solutions. She had some valid points, but she needs to drop the patronizing, purposeful, \\dumb-talk\\.,sho much shnow,for the experimental chefs out there: turmeric, cinnamon, and rice do not mix well with each other,SNOWWWW 3 , SCHOOL 0,i just learned what a muffin top is,i ate a whole can of  macadamias and now i feel kinda sick,bring on the snowwwww,seriously, its the final coundown: (organic 2 exam, physics 2 exam, organic lab report, cell phys project, 3 final exams, AND one Tough Mudder 7-mile obstacle course, all in the span of the next 10 days),Evan Turner workout at sixers facility today!,GAME 7!!!,disgusted,Protesting about in arizona is NOT about g
Above & Beyond!!,\\Lis\xe4ksi 2 opiskelijaa, jotka eiv\xe4t halua nime\xe4\xe4n julkaistavan.\\ Lukee LYKin sivulla... oisko Sini ja Puni >_>,Tiiii\xebstooo,haluu ITouching <_>!,Karimin pit\xe4is teh\xe4 Facebookkiin tili,oho, keskisalo kolmanneks,musta tuli n\xe4k\xf6j\xe4\xe4n \xe4sken eno :o,Ois ehk\xe4 pit\xe4ny menn\xe4 enkun tunnille........,lenkille-->,facebook toimii taas t\xe4ydellisesti -__-,eyy! Huomenna coopperin testi x(. Ei tuu mit\xe4\xe4n...,\\juoksi\\ \xe4sken reilut 4 kilsaa ja huomenna itkee ku ei venytelly lihaksia D:,Pjaano,talent 09 tulee. toivottavasti paljon laadukkaampi ku sillon 07 :/.,hammasl\xe4\xe4k\xe4riin kohta X(,jee welhon nettikatkos t\xe4ll\xe4 kertaa vaan n. 9 tuntii :O!,jee simpsonit 12 tuotantokausi!,ainiiiiii... hissan esseet *__*,kymmensormij\xe4rjestelm\xe4\xe4 -p,aijai ei koulua huomenna!,pit\xe4is lopettaa p\xe4iv\xe4ll\xe4 nukkuminen,Wikipedian mukaan: \\Vuonna 2002, hieman alle 16-vuotiaana Bolt juoksi 200 metri\xe4 aikaan 20,53\\,Likainen Harry tulee kakkoselt :O!,MIT\xc4!? Paul van Dyk radiosta. Mihin t\xe4\xe4 maailma on menossa :O,School-->,\\You were robbed by The Don 3
has a friend who looks like a guy but is really a girl named Spencer L Simpson,had a great day even though it rained :D,is making a mozzarella cheese tower!,I have my lion back now! :D,I\'m pretty much stuck at home tonight =/,if I hit on a little boy I could probably go to jail =/,was left at home =/,well what can I say...He look like a man.\\\nmissswan.,casie so I was thinking we could do that yoga thing, you know what that\'ll help out (;,\\"When plan A fails move on to plan D\\" inspired by Diego J Mireles,i tell you guys my phone is broken and i can\'t text. what do you do send me over 50 messages thanks, that\'s just nice ;),90\'s X-men!! that\'s all I have to say xD,Thank you Baby Jesus!!!!!!!!!!,Jhovana Morales despiertate, por eso se te van, no por mi culpa =P,My main men: Harland Mims, Darius Robinson, Antonio Wilkinson, and Louis McElroy. I love you snookies ;) there louis it\'s official.,\\"I\'ve found out a reason for me to change who I used to be  a reason to start over new and the reason is you.\\",Homework has t"
's met a moonwalking ninja!,bloody frogs,uptown girl, then disney...,can't remember the way to the roof garden...,EURGH!!!! Why the hell is there camping toilet roll in the house?!,still not tired,did the take-away challenge!!!,is already bored and summer starts tomorrow!,is going to bed!! Why don't I go to bed at a decent time every night?,is now officially an idiot,isn't...,can't believe big brother has a higher priority than the ashes in his house!,i get knocked down...,is very tired...,WTF just happened?!,can't sleep... again...,fixed his laptop!!!,maaaaaaaaaaaaaaasive grass stains :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(,just woke up hanging off the sofa...,\\do you want me to explain fishing in more detail?\\ no I bloody well don't want you to keep talking about fishing Oli !!!,bloody tree wasn't supposed to fight back!!!,is reduced to watching crappy 90's music videos,gives up,is soooo bored it's not even funny!!!,is shattered but still can't sleep,doesn't know what to do...,being 17 just sucks,has to take
So much damn confusion before my eyes, but nothing seems to phase me and this one still survives,Il n'y a pas de plus profonde solitude que celle de samoura\xef si ce n'est celle d'un tigre dans la jungle... peut-\xeatre...,David Carradine and Michael Jackson should have switched their causes of death...it would seem more fitting.,I have a car now,prefers to have very merry unbirthdays,\\If you ever wanna eat a Sauerkraut sandwich again take your Wiener Schnitzel lickin' finger and point out on this map what I wanna know. \\,'s going to finally watch \\Anatomy of a Murder\\ directed by Mister Freeze...,Everybody's coming home for lunch these days...,Michael Owen...Manchester United...really?  ...screw Real Madrid.,'s got 96 tears and 96 eyes...,has been holding this aside for far too long: I am going to see Quentin Tarantino's INGLOURIOUS BASTERDS before any of you!!!,Why do I get the feeling that people care more about Billy Mays dying than Mary Travers from Peter, Paul, and Mary?,needs to stop being such a recluse,I'
Ma comport exemplar dupa standardele mele! So zat! :D,Iar c\xe2nd cobor,\\\n\\\nC\xe2nd calda-nfiorare\\\n\\\nSe zbate-n cupa recelui repaos,\\\n\\\nAzv\xe2rl s?m\xe2n?? nou? \xeen vechile tipare\\\n\\\n?i-ascult Perpetuarea cum fredoneaz?-n haos!... :)))),Un barbat hotaraste sa-si schimbe atitudinea. Soseste acasa complet  murdar si comanda:\\\n   - Vreau sa-mi pregatesti o cina gourmet si cand termin sper sa am un desert divin. Dupa cina sa-mi aduci un whisky si imi prepari baia  pentru ca trebuie sa ma relaxez. Si inca ceva: Cand termin in baie,  ghici cine ma va imbraca si ma va pieptena?\\\n  - Aia de la pompe funebre... i-a raspuns linistita nevasta sa... :D,Barbatul o intreaba pe nevasta sa:\\\n - Vrei sa incercam o pozitie diferita in seara asta?\\\n Femeia ii raspunde:\\\n  - Buna idee, tu ramai aici in picioare si speli vasele si eu ma asez  pe canapea!!!!!,Anunt la mica publicitate: \\"Vand Enciclopedia Britannica, 50 de volume,\\\ncalitate exceptionala, legate in piele de Cordoba, stare perfecta. Pret\\\n1000 de dolari sau care da mai mult. Nu mai am nevoie "
Ya des jours o\xf9 je chante mieux que d'autres... \xe7a doit \xeatre proportionnel \xe0 la quantit\xe9 d'alcool que j'ingurgite ou non?,Je viens de passer \xe0 c\xf4t\xe9 d'un rhume o.O Le repos est quelque chose de primordial dans la vie! \xc7a et la paresse qui m'a fait rester dans mon lit plus longtemps ^^,Sachant maintenant comment respirer comme du monde, il ne reste plus qu'\xe0 acqu\xe9rir l'accent british pour faire ma premi\xe8re pi\xe8ce dans cette langue anglaise soutenue... pas \xe9vident!,Il se donne, il se prend, il se d\xe9cide, d'une mani\xe8re ou d'une autre, il se fait. On peut le perdre mais ultimement, il sera toujours n\xf4tre : LE CHOIX. le pouvoir absolu de l'homme, celui qui lui permet de voyager entre toutes les dimensions du possible.,Ma prof de chant me conseille de rester c\xe9libataire o.o Elle dit que \xe7a bouffe trop de temps une relation... Dans un sens c'est vrai, mais d'un autre c\xf4t\xe9, dois-je sacrifier ma vie pour le chant? Dur choix \xe0 faire...,Je me sens comme si j'avais besoin d'\xeatre avec quelqu'un, de partager tous pleins de t
Greek, Greek, Greek...why can't everyone just write in Latin?,We'll see about you staying in Newtown...good to see you're getting through everything well sis. Love you.,Corner store two doors down was held up an hour ago. First I hear of it is a policeman knocking at the door for my statement. Thick walls and blaring music: I am oblivious. Doesn't it make you realise....we really do just live in our own little worlds, cocooned from our neighbours and the woes of their worlds. Pardon the whimsicality, but it makes you think...,The future, happiness, the goodness of God and his unwavering guidance!,Hopes to settle down and make this weekend very productive...at least more productive than the last few.,Freedom to be who I am!,Happy 40th birthday ancient history @MQ!,Tacitus the terrible...,There are definitely going to be some serious contenders for Art Express from SMSHS this year! Go SMSHS!,MUSRA Elections @MQ start tomorrow! Everyone VOTE! Show our university that the students care!,I thank God my family is s
is wondering why this WalMart commercial is so catchy...\\Hey...It's summertime, It's summertime...\\ LMAO!!!!!,At home relaxin'...,has had a great 4th of July with my bestie!!! The other one is in CA enjoying the beach!!!,Unc baby!,Really...really? Ok so i'm for VCU! Go Rams!,thanks for all my bday wishes! I love u guys!,Look at them SKINS!,No word on my brother yet...hit me if u have seen him! Thanks FB fam!,Happy 30th bday to my bestie!!,Peace comes from within...do not seek it without!,Celtics Baby!,Anybody seen Hastye? Hit me if u have!!,U make me better...,Happy Founder's Day KAPsi! Special shout out to the sexy men of THE Alpha Nu chapter! Skee-Yo! Enjoy your 100!,Ok!!! Great news!!! Thomas is good he just hit me!! Thanks yall!! Love yall for lookin out!!,My life is not my own! Be blessed fb fam & friends! I pray that u all have a wonderful Christmas week...spread LOVE and be safe in your travels! :-),Vick is bbbaaacccckkkk!,Quality is not an act...it is a habit!,Thanks for the bday love! I had a wonderf
Begeistert!,Wer hat meine Unterlagen zu Qualitative Methoden?,Psychopatho-Work-Session,Ready for Berghold!,Psychopatho-Work-Session: Diesmal hoffentlich wirklich.,http://www.dimdi.de/static/de/klassi/diagnosen/icd10/htmlamtl2011/chapter-v.htm,Die Drogen nerven....,I muss jetzt kickern, sonst tick i aus...,Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.,Wird ne lange Nacht....,Wer hat bock auf Tablesoccer?,Wei\xdfwurscht, Wei\xdfbier & Brezn... AUF GEHTS!!,Mitternachtstraining....,Weisheit Nr.1:\\\nEine Frau sorgt sich um ihre Zukunft, bis sie heiratet.\\\nEin Mann sorgt sich nie um seine Zukunft - bis er heiratet.,WARUM sind da ENTEN in der Uni????,Update: Domo & Josef  vs.  Excel: 1:0,Nachtschicht. 2.0. wieder im Studiraum!,4 Uhr. Referat fertig. Um 7 Uhr wieder raus aus den Federn. NICE!,access,Hammer Sonnenbrand...,pdf upload....ich hau dich gleich!!!!!!,Sehr geehrter Herr Baf\xf6G-Amt, \\\nich bedauere es, Ihnen mitteilen zu m\xfcssen, dass ich STOCKSAUER bin und k\xfcnftig weni"
i am THIS close to raping you!,NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,is so misinformed,just noticed that Clint kind of resembles Chekhov...,was trying to scratch his scrotum but instead pinched one of his testicles....,Sah dah tay,Down Terrace? Yes.,Naughty Animal Stories...,\\I would stick my tongue so far up that ass that she could use it as her tongue.\\,\\It's not about the poop. It's about the mystery behind the poop.\\,\\I'd make that deal\\,Winterbells til my walls start to move.,\\I mean y-you won't be so feisty when I'm-when I'm violating you. Sexually.\\,\\I-um-I-no, I'm not particularly funky.\\,Fucking carnies.,Is indeed fucked.,Up late playing \\fourplay\\ against username: Saxyman06.,1976,My sister: \\What's Scarface?\\ Dumb ho.,has spotted three dick-shaped clouds today. A good omen.,Sluts and cake.,Do you have bread in that bag? Is that a bread bag?,My hands smell like rice cakes.,Doctor: \\...Which is basical
doesn't want to brag but is celebrating 20 pounds lost! Yeah baby!,had an awesome night last night, it was just what I needed,- Lindsey hit me with a cart and called me a chipmunk!,hates to get her hopes up for something that feels like it'll never happen but that small glimmer is the only thing that makes it worth it to keep going,should be wrapped in bubblewrap and put in a padded room after all the injuries today,It's February 14th, to some people it's Valentine's Day... For the rest of us it's Single Awareness Day (S.A.D),Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? Here is a task for you. I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me. After you comment, copy this to your status so I can do the same. You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours,Attention Shoppers! If you're feeling bitchy keep your ass at home!,People seriously need to lower their dosage on their moron pills,Attention Shoppers! Unless your butt is literally bigger than a school bus, there's no
is happy to have her Ipod,Thinkin of a master plan Cuz ain\x92t nuthin but sweat inside my hand So I dig into my pocket, all my money is spent So I dig deeper but still comin up with lint So I start my mission- I need money, I used to be a stick-up kid So I think of all the devious,my sleep schedule is so wacky, i like working @ night 1-4am is my best time I can stop and watch the sun rise around 4:20 am its a beautiful thing 4:20 am...its so quiet..,\x93What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us.\x94,\x93Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.\x94,less bullshite and they're more goal driven ie not worrying about non important riff raff,one should not have to listen to karoikee versions of little wanye mr \\i do not know how to write\\ at 2am,yep thats why I date white guys,my neighbors are playing there music like a night club.for like 14
So happy to get my laptop back.,broke with no job :(  Oh well better get used to it.,school shopping is expensive :P,first time its been quiet in our neighborhood on the Forth of July   Bummer :(,going away for a few days at the end of the month.  First time some kids are staying home :(  no partying when we are gone shannon and mitchell,finally broke down and turned the air on,my mom passed away last night,Here comes the sun and I say its alright,Im catching up to you shannon,It felt really weird for Erin to be on the middle and high school bus and she is only 10.  While Patrick is a senior and gets a ride with friends.  I have no babies anymore :(,im getting obsessed with farmtown.  Im making my dream farm,went to bengals camp yesterday  pics to follow,Some things just amaze me.,I want to take a ride on a disco stick,Happy Birthday Erin  only 2 more years and you will officially be a teenager,Finally getting my act together to go through 50+ years of stuff,everybody is back to school and work,Rain Rain Go A
BiRTHDAY iS 2MW ]6.16[ * . YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO <33,Social experiment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. It can be anything you want, either good or bad. When you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with wha,BiRTHDAY iS 2DAYYYY ;; YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO <33,OUT W| *.JAMES.* [MOST LiKELY] OUT 4 THE DAY <33,Life isnt about finding yourself ; life is about creating yourself - George Bernard Shaw,NEW HAMPSHiRE WEEKEND! = NASCAR MOM iSNT COMiNG, SO i KNOW iTLL BE A BLAST LETS HOPE i DONT GET BURNT THOUGH LOL. LEAVE THE LOVE WiTH EAiTHER COMMENTS [&OR] MESSAGES iF YOUD LiKE iLL GET BACK TO YOU WHEN i CAN <33,New Hampshire was a blast -- although McMurray didnt have his best days he still has me as his fan <3' always. anyways needs some much needed rest who knows when il lget around too it.,Well I know Im only one in a hundred And I know that youve heard this before And I know that theres been many others And no doubt tha
Oh my god it is sooooo hot!,HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY! I LOVE YOU CHRIS!!!,ACK Ignore my previous post....I meant to say...Happy Fourth Of July,I got bell's palsy. It's scarry....so much going on ...on so many levels. I feel so alone....inside my head.,WHAT'S Up ? ....wrestling fans will get that,Just got home from my first PT massage. I burst out laughing...hey, he hit my ticklish spot. I can already feel a difference in my legs!!,I am NOT getting my nose pierced so BLAH !,Had a good day. Visited with Lucky and her friend Maddy. I have my first day of PT on my legs tomorrow. I'm a bit nervious about it.,Happy New Year My American Brethren and Sisters. May you have fun filled safe time in whatever you do!,on my farm,It's SHARK WEEK!!!!,PPV Tonight!!! Summer SLAM!,Doc Appt went well! I have such a nice cool day here. Doing some work for Two left Paws, then house work. Thanks Momma C for going with me today!,Feeling...depressed.,Have a safe trip!,I am LOVING this weather!,Had a drowsy day. Not feeling so well. I don'
on the 31st ev drink responsibily ...! but do enjoy ...! cheers ...!,dj has stepped out of goa ...!\\\ni love u goa ..!\\\nwill be back nxt year ..!\\\nwit some more electro funk!\\\nCHEERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS,Whats is music for u ?,sunset music thats on my mind!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,TOP 5 ELECTROS OF THE DAY ..... feedback are welcomed ... EJOy CHEERSSSSS!!,TOP 5 ELECTROS OF THE DAY ..... feedback are welcomed ... EJOy CHEERSSSSS!!,coming soon.... The sets off the day ... compiled by my self (DJ RAJ) co sponsor(Youtube),plz wear your helmet...(I learnt it the hardway!),\\"ENERGY FLOWS WHERE ATTENTION GOES\\",its party time!\\\ndelhi here i come!\\\nits time to Role n then rock !.\\\nwats say joy\\\n!,MUsic the most powerful weapon !,Working 9 to 5 is really cool .for a change ..!,There is just one sole source of genuine happiness in life - to love and be loved for ever and ever,CHECK DIS OUT >>!\\\nDO COMMENT >>@,painted his friends into his profile using the Friendship Painting application. Paint yours at http://apps.face"
Had a great day with my wonderful husband on his birthday !,Beer pong tonight with people I love.,Today we are going to the lake with some wonderful friends . I know we are going to have a great time .  =),Had a great time at the circus with my man and Lil men . =) Now its back to work tomorrow.,I played the best joke on my kids today. I pretended to hide the eggs and had them come out and look for them but really I put them back in the fridge. After about 15 minutes of them searching for the eggs and not being able to find them I gave in and showed them where the eggs were. That was our payback for all the pranks they played on us for April Fools .  LOL !   Happy Easter !  (='.'=),Hey guys if any of you know of an Asst. manager who is seeking a new position let me know. I have an Asst. manager position available.Contact phone number is 909)484-6555 (that is my work number) The ideal candidate must have Asst. management experience in retail. Thanks so much for your help .,Thank you to everyone for all the bir
Yay home sick again. Probably going to school tommorrow though. I'm feeling much better.,Mmm cream cheese bagel.,So yeah I might swine flu. And it's gonna be my 3rd day missed from school tommorrow.,I'm really freakin excited for GLASS even though its like forever away. =/,Sooo tired.,Pretty cold. Gonna make some Hot Chocolate. =],Jesus Christ... waking up at the crack of dawn on your day off really fucking sucks.,popcornnn.,These steak fry things are pretty good. =],I wonder how muc make up work I have...,amazing dinner,fml,In Mrs. A's math class ftwwww!,toast with jam is beasttt. Prettty excited for this week =],Everything's falling apart in front of me. idk wht to do anymore.,Got to see my long lost brother Kyle Smith. I really missed him. =],=P,So disappointed.,I really miss riding my longboard...I desperately need to get it fixed.,Woahh awesome Sunday so far.,gonna work out then take a shower text it,Sooo on the market again feels realll good! =D,I wake up every evening with a big smile on my face and it
\\Claro que lo entiendo. Incluso un ni\xf1o de cinco a\xf1os podr\xeda entenderlo. \xa1Que me traigan un ni\xf1o de cinco a\xf1os!\\ (Groucho Marx),Necesitando un poco de inspiraci\xf3n... :-S \xa1esto no puede ser!,\x93Lo importante es saber si hay vida antes de la muerte y no, como anda buscando la mayor\xeda de la gente, saber si hay vida despu\xe9s de la muerte.\x94 (Eduard Punset),\xbfAlguien por aqu\xed que haga a menudo congr\xed y se anime a postearme la receta de c\xf3mo lo hace explicada en detalle? Se aceptan todas las variantes a fin de hacer una selecci\xf3n posterior y probar suerte con la finalista. \xa1Graciassss!,\\El error es un arma que acaba siempre por dispararse contra el que la emplea.\\ (Concepci\xf3n Arenal),Felicidades a todos los pap\xe1s. Espero hayan pasando o est\xe9n pasando un bonito d\xeda. ;-),digo que... est\xe1 haciendo hambre por estos parajes...,\xa1Haleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! \xa1El diluvio universal lleg\xf3! (y yo tengo que salir a hacer la compra... sniffff),S\xed, s\xed, s\xed, que truene y diluvie a mares que me parece que ya va tocando un buen chute de iones
over blaine's dead body,That's white.... unlike Blaine...who's BLACK!,and blaine gainey rocks! my purple socks!,10 oclock news........lydia strikes back with a vengeance,Brittany Jarrard <3's Blaine Gainey 10000000000x s more than lydia sprayberry.......................................,that was just Blaine's evil twin brother:D....,for anyone whose wondering, here's the story: i hit a curb to quick caught a piece of grass my back wheels lost traction and i spun. i rode on 2 wheels for 130 yards, then other 2 tires for 70, and flipped 2 and 1/2 times back over front for 90 yards. i ended up upside down in a ditch pinned in the truck. they cut me out with the jaws of life and took me to the hospital. i was released last night and am home now.,for anybody wondering im good just sore the trucks gone but im living so life's good,loves mini :),lydia is evil,for anyone whose wondering, here's the story: i hit a curve to quick caught a piece of grass my back wheels lost traction and i spun. i rode on 2 wheels for 130
says je ne give a fuck pas!!!!,PRAYERS needed for 12yr old Avi Ben Stella who, after a serious car crash, is now in a critical coma. Pls. change your status for 1 hr so more people can become aware and add to the prayers. We would do it for your son, pls. do this for somebody else's son. Thank you. (copy & paste),Every Dream Begins With Just One Step,Aal Izz Well,\\If you are not making someone elses life better, then you are wasting your time\\ Will Smith,Thank You everyone for all the warm wishes! Appreciate it!,Houston we have a problem!! May Dayyyy May Dayy!!!!..........,Aallllll Izzzzz Weeellllllllll!!!!!,people are not always what they seem!!,Have faith in what is happening at the moment !,Never judge a book by its Cover!,I Miss home!!!!!!!!!!,Everything Happens for a REASON!!,Ive had my share of ups and downs, times when there was no one around, God came and spoke these words to me, praise will confuse the enemy. I started singing, I started clapping, I started dancing, people were laughing, they knew my
great i have the hiccups!!!!!,work in 2 hrs, n then after 11, let the weekend begin!,goodnite world! class in the am.,ready for a weeks ahead of school!!!,one more hour befor my modern dance class, then off to the place i call home @ 8:15,hiccups over! thanks oscar!lol,In seton hall, bout to grab somthing to eat.,yay! cowboys won, any ideas to what i should do on my b-day?,getting ready for school!!! 12-2:50,There now, steady love, so few come and don't go.Will you won't you, be the one I always know. When I'm losing my control, the city spins around.You're the only one who knows, you slow it down.It's always have and never hold.You've begun to feel like home.What's mine is yours to leave or take.What's mine is yours to make your own.,OMG in so much freaken pain!!! :( just got all 4 wisdon teeth taken out.,sally beautiful sally !runns rapidly around the house singing to soulful flowery chimmes!The story ends sadly cause sally suffocated her self in her granmas house in a black tootoo!!! excerise in moderna da
Fim de Semana em Parati  18/12: Sa\xedda do Rio. 19/12: Passeio de barco. City tour pelo Centro Hist\xf3rico.  20/12: Manh\xe3 livre. \xc0 tarde, retorno ao Rio.  PROMO\xc7\xc3O: Quem indicar mais clientes para a viagem ter\xe1 o valor do pacote reembolsado!  PRE\xc7O: R$ 195,00 (p/ pessoa, acomoda\xe7\xe3o dupla ou tripla) R$ 280,00 (p/ pessoa, acomoda\xe7\xe3o single) R$ 115,00 (p/ crian\xe7as < que 5 anos) CONTATO: asseteterras@gmail.com / 21-86276710,Watching Saw V,Watching Saw VI,\\I want to play a game.\\\\\n\\"If youre good at anticipating the human mind, it leaves nothing to chance.\\"\\\n\\"Everybody deserves a second chance.\\"\\\n\\"Game over.\\"\\\n\\\nJigsaw,Watching Saw 3D,Toler\xe2ncia zero + um dia de furia = EU,PQP, t\xe1 tudo dando errado... aaaaaaaaaaahhhhh,Cansado de depender dos outros...\\\nDepois do dia de hoje, mudan\xe7a de planos: f\xe9rias de julho na Gr\xe9ciaaaaaaaaaaaa,I\'ve learned that money can buy happiness... So I\'m gonna spend it all!!!,Watching Cashback (2006),\\"We oil the jaws of the war machines and feed them with our babies...\\",Renova\xe7\xe3o do passaporte agen"
Ha scoperto che deve essere all\'aeroporto di linate x le 4.30..5 di mattina....!E bisogner\xe0 stare in ballo 23h...!b\xe8... per\xf2 pensando allla meta....XD XD XD,Tornata adesso da san francisco!XD XD XD,Va a recupero di mate.....bleahhh!XD,Tornata dalla montagna!XD,Si torna a casa!!XD,Si parte 4 giorni x Stockholm!! xD,Appena tornata a casa sana e salva dopo un giro col motorino!XD,Buon natale a tutti!:)auguri!,parrucchiera!Si ricambia colore! xD,sta per partire per la montagna!:),Che giornata di m...\\-.-\\ verifica orribile,sono stata all\'ospedale da mia zia dalle 5 ..appena tornata a casa..arghhh!!!\\\nIn compenso \xe8 arrivato il Mac Book Air!!!:),Nausea...>.< Quest\'anno penso che tra i miei anticorpi ci sia stato un suicidio di massa!uff!,\x93How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.\x94 Dracula :),Tornata dopo un  giro con la mini!capote abbassata e led zeppelin a palla..che truzza!:),Parrucchiere...che colore far"
lameeeeg..,hala. knkrma nq. tsk hahahah!,haaaaiii. tpus ndn exaaaams. :] mtp0s ahn 3 araw n halos wlng tuLog. aaiiiixxx.. 2nd qtr naaa.. yes nmaan. ^^,lalala~ bored. =],pffttt...,hanggang ngayoooon~ ikaw prn ahn iniicp kooo~ :)) mii gahd. mkaoLdies.. ew eww. ahaha!,y0u`re jus like poison. my affLiction, my addicti0n, i can`t Lie~  baby kiss me 0ne more time bef0re i die.. :P,& next time my name c0mes out of y0ur m0uth.. choke on it BiTCH!,shit happens... =/,buy ni0 q !! hahaha~,anxakeeeeeeett </3 hahahahahahha,[[ * 0ne love, my one heart, my 0ne life f0r sure.. let me tell u 0ne time BOY I LOVE YOU. :D ]],~ ang ta0ng di mrunong lumingon sa pinanggalingan.. malamang AKO ang nsa harapan. ;],patawerrs. nhuli aqng nagkkodigo sa exam knina :)) xhada. buti nlaaaang... :P:P,~ lovin` life better than that of yesterday. ;),* saw so many pretty faces bef0re i saw you.. now all i see is you. im c0min for you.. *blush.blush*,| with0ut you there`s no reas0n for my story.. & when im with y0u i can always act the same. :) |
EMPTY!!Haha,Updated ..,Kaumay Din pla mag upload hehe.. c:,hirap mghanap buhay hehe,If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you...,If you want to be loved, be lovable.,Wag Kang umiyak... Kasalanan mu naman yan...^^,),Amarini mo takusan no ai to watashi,..,Pasukan ulit..^^,,The shortest distance between two people is a smile.,aku\'y malungkot sa totoo lang..,,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua4EESKuCAs&feature=related,\\i wont sing of love if it doesnt exist\\,Can\'t say that i miss you Though it\'s true...,is sad today and tomorrow and the following day...........,,++.,\x93The reality of the other person lies not in what he reveals to you, but what he cannot reveal to you. Therefore, if you would understand him, listen not to what he says, but rather to what he does not say.\x94\\\n\\\nKahlil Gibran,,,,,is HAPPY,wen u luv sm1 u\'ll fight 4 wat u feel.. but if d one u love loves sm1 else,\\\n    \\"let go\\".. a soldier must know wen 2 fight & wen 2 surrender..,YOU..!!,H"
EVERYTHING IS ON MY MIND! RAWR!,TAOF is the shit! Cant wait for whats to come!,http://stickam.com/p0pnfr35h join me in a philosophical discussion.,Im done taking quizzes lmfao! fuck this shit.,I'm Live on Stickam http://stickam.com/p0pnfr35h,In Tally. I am now a Nole! Long day.... Going to watch District 9,Christopher Vigil faps to Christina Mazzoli pics all night long.,Party on Saturday @ the Grand Marc apt. 138 @ 8PM,Heading down to 305 this weekend.,It's raining and I have to walk back home....and to make it worse....my umbrella broke.,listening to Sandy....Persian music for all of you who dont know.,Got locked out of my apartment last night.... Had to crash with a neighbor. fucking sucks. Gonna take a shower now.,Just found crazy mold in my apartment and when I tried to remove it with bleach...it attacked me with its spores....they flew everywhere from out under my sink.... I won the battle.... Lets hope I didnt inhale too much of it. Reinforcements arrive at 0700 hours....,bored. someone hit me up if you
jara ajk pore kalke microwave quiz deyar chinta kortese tader jonno good news hoche kalke tara 5 pabe.:-),sim change korsi. 01672459004 notun number.,missing some1 so badly.,Friends are like mango... you'll never know which is sweet and which is not. Well I'm lucky coz I was able to find some sweetest mango! happy friendship day to all,5 groho theke asa 5ta odvhut sir k r koto din sojjho korte hobe?Kobe santi paoa jabe?r valo lage naaaaaaaaaaaaaa,Saturday jabo na.Sunday class nai.Amar chuti 2 din barse.Aah Ki santi.,abar ki adou pass korbo?PSA te k bachabe......................,vabe mon okaron sarakhon..........................,i feel proud that i live in old dhaka,jouktik karon e kauk khun korle take fashi deya uchit na.,Hope Love and Laugher, warmth, wishes, joy and a bouquet of Eid wishes, jubilations, become a part of your Eid and Your Life. Have a Happy Eid Mubarak to all,ja chai ta pai na,why people think that they r  d most busiest person in the world?,wishing all of u a very very happy \\MEAT MUBARAK\\.
yahoo england draw korse,1 word shocked!!!!!!!!!!!,Victory at last.........,once again India goes down.....
my neck is killing me... that\'s the last time i goto Dr Acula,WOULD YOU PLEASE AKNOWLEDGE THAT I EXIST AT LEAST!?,look at your status, now back to mine, now back to yours, now back to mine. Sadly yours isn\'t mine. But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status, yours could be like mine. Look down, back up. Where are you? You\'re on Facebook, reading the status your status could be like. I\'m on a computer.,is so classy he puts the culture in yogurt!,i hate when you see it. that brief moment before the accident when you realize that your life will never be the same. \\\nthat moment of serene peace where you know the future, you know there is\\\n nothing to be done to prevent it, that moment that all your hopes and \\\nfears do not matter, nothing matters. death has stared \\\nyou in the face. it\'s in the face of everyone around.that same paralyzing permanence of an instant.,wonders what life has in store... maybe i should just walk into the back store room... or maybe life should just get a g@# d!@%"
HaPpY FaThErS dAy....LoVe U dAd<3<3,I'm SoRrY fOr CrYiNg oVeR yOu, BeCaUsE I sAiD I wOuLdN't. BuT I dIdN't PrOmIsE yOu tHaT, bEcAuSe I kNeW iT wOuLd Be a PrOmIsE I wOuLd NeVeR bE aBlE tO kEeP <3<3<3,\\... See there's this place in me where your fingerprints still rest, your kisses still linger, and your whispers softly echo. It's the place where a part of you will forever be a part of me...\\,eVeN tHoUgH i KnW u Cn HaNdLe Ur LiFe On Ur oWn; ThAt DoEsnNt KeEp Me FrOm BeInG cOnCeRnEd ;nD wAnTiNg tO b ThErE fR u...So No MaTtEr wT , pLeAsE hoLd oN tO dS 1 ThOuGhT \\I AM HERE FOR YOU\\<3<3<3 fr sum1 special.....,InItIaLlY hE wAs NoBoDy iN lIfE;gRaDuAlLy hE bEcAmE sOmEbOdY;aNd nOw He Is EvErYbOdY <3<3<3,xamzzzz.... drive me crazy!!!! shit :(,wHo ElSe Am I gOnNa LeAn On;Wn TiMeS gT rOuGh WhOz GnA tK 2 Me On D pHn;TiLl D sUn CmZ uP wHoZ gNa TkE uR pLaCe:ThR aInT nObOdY bTr... Oh BaBy,bAbY:v BeLoNg 2GtHr ? ? ?,When I saw you I was afraid to meet you. When I met you I was afraid to kiss you. When I kissed you I was afraid
Teddy's going to USC! Woohoo!!,Teddy is 18 today... Sigh... Wow, does time fly.,Happy 2011 everyone!
in England and enjoying the beauty of Liverpool,visiting Antwerp, Belgium and Amsterdam, Netherland,last week in Liverpool,is almost back home now waiting in Charlotte airport for flight back to home. Almost want to pass out,exciting to see my parents. it have been year not seeing them,last day in Liverpool , excited to be back home!!!!!!!!!!!!,Packing stuff. it killing me. so excited to move to DC in two days,moving is pretty stressful!!!!!!!,It was amazing experience working with msnbc news for about our children. enjoy it very much!!!!,isn't happy with my new place. place and especially people drive me crazy :(,ife is suck. No luck on my side. First time end up with no place to sleep in my entire life. Today school studio will be my best place to sleep. SO sad but true. LIfe life life,everything didn't work out the way it should be. So stressful and really tired and sick of DC. Too much stuff in little time. Feel like dropping off from everything and take a break.:(,Had wonderful little dinner with my best
I am tired now.. but I'm still thinking of Jin,Now.. i just thinking of Jin.... 1 hour 17 minutes again.. waiting for his birthday...,ganti pake foto ndiri dulu ya... nanti pake foto jin lagi ...ha3,How is it now that i can tell u, i love u...,aduh...duh belum sempet masukkin foto2 ni.. masih di kamera n laptop. sementara pake foto my love jin dulu he3,i feel free today...,aduh..pegel2...kaki g...ha3... Bis jalan2 ni ma nyokap n de2 g.. Hr ini de2 g si David ultah..,Rencana mau bljr ni hari...2 minggu lagi g ujian nih..fuih...,duh..duh jam segini uda ngantuk..aneh ni tiap niat belajar pasti bawaannya ngantuk mulu he3,Jin... tanjoubi omedato... I'm ur fan from Indonesia. I hope u got sucessful in ur live.. I already have a present 4 u.. but i don't know how to send it to u..,skrg mao ngerjain tugas dulu ah..tp kok ngantuk berat ya?  bsk mau ketemu temen g jam 3 di kampus..,Hu3..bis jaga malam truz jalan2 makan ke semanggi..nikmatnya hidup.. :P,Gawat ujian g akhirnya diundur lagi jadi senen depan.. Jadi kemungk
\\...algo intermedio entre el todo y la nada...\\,En Houghton!!,En busca de una c\xe1mara nueva...,Time independent-perturbation theory,Con varios le\xf1azos, auch,A Houghton,?????? ?????,?????,...and the world is ruled by PHYSICS,=?cn*Music(n)     where Music(n)=type of music,GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL,Viva M\xe9xico, cab..ezones!!! JAJA,Buscando unos tachones,con nueva c\xe1mara,corriendo como imb\xe9cil de 10pm a 12 am,En verdad necesita unos tachones,\\Mortals, congratulate yoursevels that so great man has lived for the honor of the human race\\ Newton's epitaph,pandoreando,Ya tengo tachos!!!,? ????????, ?????,Ya usa twitter,Es schneit... ???? ????... :D,\\My Comet crashed\\,MEXICO A OTRO MUNDIAL!!! VAMOS PA SUDAFRICA!!:D,\xbfPorqu\xe9 me funci\xf3n de onda esta colapsada?,?????? ????,1\xb0 D\xeda: Intro to Astronomy, Applied Vector & Tensor math, Intro to Solid State physics, Finite Difference Meth for PDEs, Quantum physics 2,El ser humano no necesita a Dios, necesita a otro ser humano... y si es chica mejor.,Escuchando m\xfasica en pandora,empie
hmmmm... so.... how do you facebook?,awts! tapos na birthday ko... salamat sa mga naggreet! ayos!,preparing for my moms birthday... may alam kau na magandang catering services? good food and good rates... dont ask me the budget.. d ko rin alam, hahaha!,Wala ako sa pinas this weekend! sunday morning balik ko, just in time for pacquiao cotto match! haha!,anybody who hits me with a pillow again will die in 2 days (or maybe more, depends on where u live) uve been warned!!,spent my first night of the year on the roof with my little turotot.. watched the fireworks from my rich neighbors.. hahaha!,Gram-SHIT!,By pigeon hole principle, there will be at least one math exam per week...,Three is the MAGIC NUMBER!!!,bakit? measurable ba ung sayo?,Saya ng Valentines! hahaha! tnx Leslie Rivero!,Scrumpadoochous!,crank nicolSHIT! pede na ako mag AMC! hahaha!,saya ng week na to!! Swimming sa LS pool 6-9am wed Basket sa cov courts 9-sawa wed Wall Climbing sa power up 6pm-sawa thurs game? Bani Balaguer  Kirk Baquiran Neil August
http://www.youtube.com/watch#v=NwuZlPl5x9c&feature=related yay for amazing songs that i dont understand but sort of know what it means! :D:D:D :L:L,I like listening to clocks ticking away.. just ticking all day ^^,so i get home from school, have dinner, go on the computer, look outside.. and its suddenly pitch black!!!! :O,HOLY SHIT I'M GOING BLONDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :O :O :O :O :O :O,lackage of talking to people! D:,finished my book^^ can't see properly D: so worth it =3,nyahahahaha.. i do love them scenes where the murder is implied XD XD ;) <3,is tired ):,\\i will be only telling you the minimum of what happened over the last eleven months, so don't bother prying!\\ \\fine by me!\\ \\a little prying would have been nice...\\ :L,oh?? so its a poking war you want eh!? :O >:D,So today I saw a dogs uterus being removed, and watched a hole being cut into another dogs tail to remove a cist! fun day =3,i just turned benjamin into a wannabe michael!!!! >:D,i.. just wrote out the entire pokemon theme song... and they s
I love VA in the fall!,Thanks to all you nice FB folks for the birthday wishes.  From this point forward, I will refuse to acknowledge any more birthdays!,KATHERINE .... I know when my mom called me by both names I was in trouble!! MIDDLE NAME ONLY...Everyone play along. You\'ll find it interesting to know you\'re FB friends middle names. Copy and paste to your status after you put your middle name in.,PLACE OF BIRTH-Post to your status and Add Your Place of Birth....Tallahassee, Florida,Is at the beach while the kids are at school.,If your Mama is your hero, your best \\\nfriend or just the best mother ever, whether you are blessed to have\\\nyour Mama still with you, or if she is an Angel in Heaven, copy and\\\npaste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of \\\nyour mama and love her dearly! I don\'t get to see her nearly enough!!!!!!!! I love you mom!!!,It\'s snowing.  Ugh.,One more day!  School starts Tuesday.,is a little jealous of all these folks starting school today.  We still have 2 weeks!  Guess"
The kin' collapses...Near relatives on death...The smell of a cigarette smell breath shit.Moment that bitter white jam is mixed inside of a brain caused an error and goes mad by the sweet bug..The tongue and the hands that creep around your neck..Dye the ,- muuuuuum,I broke my pillow...again xD,When you're at the end of the road and you lost all sense of control and your thoughts have taken their toll..when your mind breaks the spirit of your soul your faith walks on broken glass and the hangover doesn't pass..Nothing's ever built to last..you'r,Gimme all your lovin',all your hugs and kisses too...Gimme all your lovin',don't let up until we're through ^_^,?? ??????? ???? ????? ???...? ???????? ????..???? ???????? ???? >_<,-????,???? ?????? ??????? >.< ..?? ???? ???????? ?????!,- ????... >.<,???? ???? ???? .... ?? ???????? ??? ;P,& sredno6tnite mi priklu4eniq s edin... 6tyrec xD,- fishiiieeeeeeeeee ^_^,- kolko e zabavno ... ;(,Skipping on the trails of broken candy cane..,nqkoi da mi zabrani da qm cookieeeees!
enjoying the sun not the heat..wanting to go to the beach :),TO ALL THE SKEMMERS HAVE AN AWESOME DAY..I REALLY MISS JOHN AND SKEM. I AM SO BLESSED TO HAVE FOUND THAT WEB-SITE ONE DAY THEN MET ALL THE SKEMMERS. WE MAY HAVE LOST SKEM BUT WERE FAMILY : D PASSING SUM LOVE TO YOU ALL VIRGINIA,NO MORE JURY DUTY :D  NOW HOME NO MORE DOWNTOWN LA FOR A WHILE :D,WILL BE BACK TO WORK SOON..5 DAYS AWAY  : D,wishing everyone a happy weekend..enjoy,MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERYONE,  ENJOY YOUR DAY,monday back to work : D after 3 yrs of work injury..,happy valentines everyone : ),Virginia Marie Vallejo Congrats for Robert and Jacky. Having Their First Baby. 1:50 in the Morning I wonder what time the Baby will be born?? Uncle Larry said around 4 to 5 am. Uncle Gene Said about 8 to 9 am in the Morning...Well see. Love you Robert and Jacky.,busy at work 2 more days I can't wait.,Have a great day everyone : ),HAPPY ST. PATTY'S EVERYONE : ),wow that was a shaker..I would of slept thru the quake but I hubby had to protect me from flyi
well? hmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what's next?,mabrouk ya gama3a,ya bashar ana na2alet el 3enwan  7ade ye2ol le farag eny na2alet yamken gally 3ala el 3enwan el 2adeem wanna mestanya kool da in vain,5tobet hano2ty kant todayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy MABROUKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK YA NO2TY KANT 5TOBA WONDERFULLLLLL WE ALL HAD FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN W KAN SHAKLEK ZY EL 2MAR ;) KAN WEEKEND 7AFEL GEDAN =))))),they say (don't know who exactly but wat the hell) that life is like a moving trian if u don't catch up; life will pass u by that's just fine sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo where is it's next stop????????????? huhhhhhhhhhh DOES ANYONE KNOW?,well i promised top post this on my wall soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo a friend told me today that and i quote \\el moosem da moosem tzawouge el kelab el balady\\ hahhahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa da howa komedyat el 3sr al 7adees ;D,3obal el sudan ^_^,3emad met3eb (7ab
is listening to ABBA.,suspects that the Town Vigilante chose to protect the town's little boys.,will skip the news, boy - I'll make some tea - the Arabs and the Jews, boy - too much for me - they get me confused, boy - puts me off to sleep - and the thing that I hate - O Lord! - is staying up late, to watch some debate, on some nation's fate...,is inspecting YOU, and needs to know: D-D-D-Did you see the frightened ones? D-D-D-Did you hear the falling bombs? D-D-D-Did you ever wonder why we had to run for shelter when the promise of a brave new world unfurled beneath a clear blue sky?,has returned from his mission to track down the Irish Mafia and has concluded that the government is guilty of pretty much everything.,inspected YOU. All in all, you're just another brick in the wall.,just finished the first arc of Umineko no Naku Koro ni. In his opinion, the problem was that there weren't any inspectors on the island.,inspected EVERYTHING, and came to this conclusion: All the world seems in tune, on a spring aft
Anyway. does anyone know what time enders party is tomorrow?,im tired of getting yelled at over trivial bullshit,lol... yeah. i was fuckin tired after a 9.5 hour workday,anyway.... im hittin the hay.   Tomorrow, My place, around noon, BBQ lunch bring shit to eat.... see you there,making micro-tears in muscle by repeatedly raising and lowering weights in resistance training is a pain but worth it any day of the week,E tuh'd ihtancdyht fro duhekrd red sa cu rynt. Ec ed sa? ec ed oui? un ec ed ic pudr? E naymmo fyhd du ghuf fro.,lol i don't know how to do comments,Now is the time for me to rise to my feet! wipe your spit from my face! wipe these tears from my eyes!,people need to come with me at 920 to see GI joe in gilroy or even Morgan hill. I wanna go hit me up,YEAH FOR GETTING THE COPS CALLED ON ME!!!!! MADE MY F****** DAY!,so its official. i am to be santa in like a half hour. amazing. pics will be up lates,SVCC youth group/small group= a really cool and fun time. gonna have to do it again sometime,im bored
alexnadal94@hotmail.com,q te importa,HAHAHAHA,oren por mi estoy muy enfermo porfa!!!,eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee van a dar las diez de la ma\xf1ana siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii\xa1!\xa1!\xa1!\xa1!\xa1!\xa1!\xa1!\xa1,SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII METALLICA VA A GADALAJARA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,:( :( :(:( :( :(,aburrido,es asqueroso q te ignoren,q haces en face book a las 3 de la ma\xf1ana,So close no matter how far, coudn\'t be much more from the hart, forever trust in who we are, and nothing else matters....,The light tat is not light is here tu flush you out with your own fear,\xa1!\xa1METALLICA\xa1!\xa1,el pan q habla el pan q habla,BACK TO THE FRONT\xa1\xa1\xa1!!!!,:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(,WHAT DONT KILL YOU MAKE YOU MORE STRONG,a todos los q invite al gotcha gracias por el planton,sykaryos yeeeeeaaa,Take a look to the sky just before you die\\\nIt is the last time you will,=),http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lir7SVbBeAw&feature=fvst,EEEEEEEEEEEEEE M CAGA AVATAR,QUE SALIO UNA NUEVA BARBIE!!!\\\nla barbie narcotraficante\\\nyo me avia quedado en la barbie maestra y en la barbie veterinar"
is... Happy. :),Phantom of the Opera. *drool*,AAAHhasactuallystartedstudying! With still a week to go! 8D,First night of freedom = lost ID and eftpos. Fail, fail, FAIL. T_T,Being single for the whole of my life is starting to sound really, really good.,killed her dad's pet rock. xD,wishes she had energy. x_X,Is going to Green Day on the 18th of December! :D :D :D (Cheers for the heads-up guys!),'s dad got over-enthusiastic, and booked her driving lessons in Albany EVERY DAY til next friday. So ya, the plans for getting out and visiting friends might have been thwarted. Dx,is getting tired of her over-analysing brain. But it'll probably be healthier in the long run. xD,has noooo idea what she's doing. x_X,Hat Party= great fun! :D And weekend, how I love thee.,Wants it to be 5pm on friday already. x_X,feels a bit unprepared for semester, frankly. x_x,SECRET ADMIRERS WEEK AT IH! GET READY, STEADY... GO!,better not be power-cut tonight, otherwise heads will roll! D:<,might, possibly, STILL be feeling the effects
Work Work Work!!! Yes!,working...,Well FB friends. I have a meeting today at noon. God I hate this. Why couldnt HE just leave me alone? I just wanted to be left alone. Well wish me luck...if you cant reach me on my phone later...she probably broke it. Here we go.....,Working. Got my Taxes done.....sometimes you gotta Love Uncle Sam. Like at tax time. lol,Ok....I flipped out. I feel better now. Im done!,GO Away and stop calling me!,Going to Dunkin to grab a coffee...Anyone? I love having a job where I make my hours....lol.,Well I applied for my fee waiver for the LSAT exam and have been conditionally approved (yes I am poor and now it is verified...lol). Now to register for the LSAT exam and all the other organizations you have to be a member of and PAY for JUST to take the damn test to see if your smart enough to go to Law School. Yeeehaw!!!!,HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA....some people are so stupid. NO show....wimp says she believes him.,Working....Inventory today...,Working hard and worrying about f
is saying that the Vikings better kill the lions as if they were Stanford killing the trojans yesterday!!!,PPPPPPoker face PPPoker face,Its ok its ok its ok you can run and tell yo friends that im on im on im on u can run and tell my city its on!!,G Dot Attorney at Law,Yeah VIKINGS are the best...,PURPLE PEOPLE EATERS!!,You just gotta love checks and balances...,GO VIKES!!,TGIF Hopefully I can have some fun too...,is fast paced, cut-throat, & ready to fight  (for you in the law of course)!,Im trying to go to the Auto Club Motor Speedway this weekend and party with Kasey Kahne.  Whose coming with me??????,Happy MeDay,The big month of March starts Feb 28th.  Lets do it.,Thursday we are going to think on our feet... Were gonna dodge the pitfalls ... and punch 'em in the mouth every chance we get ... we Can do it ... good luck team.  --George,Never Satisfied,I just want to say I am a beast in the courtroom--Opposition Beware ... That is all,Loves his moma!!!,I just want to say that both USC and UCLA suck... Go St
une petite FILLE de 3 ANS \xe0 \xe9t\xe9 ENLEV\xc9E par un homme conduisant un camion gris plaqu\xe9 quebec 72B 381. copiez et collez dans votre facebook \xe7a pourrait sauver la petite fille. Cet enl\xe8vement est r\xe9cent!(faite le ca prend 3seconde et sa tue personne..sa px juste sauver qq1,went to dawson open house today. the best school ever I want to go there so badly,can't study for bio test to distracted :(,don't tell Alyshia that I told you this but her midle name is......... May oh she will be mad :),Your Result LightYour element is Light. Bright and cheerful, you are easygoing and make friends easily. You have a good sense of right and wrong.,did my math tst it was easier then i thought now I'm so happy :),got a laptop for christmas :),1.Your reading my comment 2. Now your saying/thinking thats a stupid fact. 4. You didnt notice that i skipped 3. 5. Your checking it now. 6. Your smiling. 7. Your still reading my comment. 8. You know all you have read is true. 10. You didnt notice that i skipped 9. 11. Your checking it no
i need some sleep...,is lovin the sun!! wooh!,is sick of rain already, bring out the heat...,is gutted that his phone would take at least 2 weeks to fix and got a crappy replacement for it... jesus...,is enjoying this so called 'heat wave bonanza' like hahaha,does anyone knows what to do for this work hendo gave us in double it? i don't remember where the hell am i supposed to start off at...,thinks its too hot to look through the mess he got from carlisle...,is hoping hendo better not be lying about the whole paris thing next year like...,yo yo, just reminding those going to newcastle to make sure to be by train station at 8!!,Is Knackered, But Already Misses Newcastle, Team \\Champions\\ 16!!,anyone else felt proper sad when micheal jackson's daughter said that she loved him? poor girl...,hey i was being nice visiting your profile and saying hi, its you spouting this crap about ms hazel, whats your problem anyways? REAL talent you say? actually i've seen the cottage and as far as im concern i saw nothing from
Hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable!!!!!!!!!!,*Love is energy: it can neither be created nor destroyed. It just is and always will be, giving meaning to life and direction to goodness... Love will never die.*,~ I lie alone,eyes made of stone. I weep in my mind,tears are hard to find. I could have been,what i had seen. But my one last word,was left unheard ~,*It hurts to love sum1 and not be loved in return, but wot is da most painful is to love sum1 and neva find da courage to let da  person know how u feel.*,\x93To love is to risk not being loved in return. To hope is to risk pain. To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.,ME, MYSELF AND I THAT'S ALL I GOT IN THE END THAT'S WHAT I FOUND OUT AND IT AINT NO NEED TO CRY I TOOK A VOW THAT FROM NOW ON I'M GON'NA BE MY OWN BEST FRIEND.............,*Sumtimez v let affection, go unspoken,. Sumtimez v let our love go unexpressed,. Sumtimez v can't find words to tell our feelingz,.
Ironic how people from the past can come back into your life.,Trying to make it through the day. Couldn't do it without my friends and family. Thanks. RIP Allen.,2 hours of sleep, It is going to be a very long day. What have I gotten myself into?,RIP Allen. You will be missed.,Leaving early to go buy Fast and Furious.,Love is everything it's cracked up to be\x85It really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for.     Erica Jong,Some people are like slinkies - not really good for anything but they bring a smile to your face when pushed down the stairs!!!,Been married for 6 years as of yesterday. Yay!,Helping my sis move to USC today. Gonna miss having her around.,I want ..........   I need .......,Back from the beach and boy did I miss my two babies. Had fun and needed the break though. Thanks girls.,is just going through the motions.,I need you and you are not there. The door is shutting instead of opening. It is going to be a hell of a day. Missing my babies.,My give a damn's busted!!,RIP A
Last shift!   Ready for my six day break...   :),On my way to NJ for SMA reunion!!! Can't wait to see everyone!,is excited about going to the Monsignor Donovan Class of 89 reunion and catching up with lots of old friends this weekend!!! What's up with Lakewood's reunion???,First day back... started fast with a couple of interesting calls.,Yay - Reed made a FG!  Pittsburgh won and the game is FINALLY over...,Let's go Pittsburgh!!!,AMBER ALERT...3 year old BOY taken in ROCHESTER, IN by a man driving a MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE plate number 98B351...Please put this as your status so it moves all across facebook. You would if it was your child!!13 minutes ago \xb7 Comment \xb7 Like,Amazing show by Mother Nature last night if anyone had a chance to watch the meteor shower - I saw almost 2 dozen meteors - some of them the most spectacular I've ever seen!!!,Troy is looking good so far!,Way to head into half time - Big Ben connecting with Mike Wallace!!!  Wave those terrible towels!,YES YES YES  How about those interceptions!!!!!
study is one of the most enjoyable task i have ever do. i am going through an increasing marginal utility function,life is beautiful. bristite vijar moto kaj shudhu ai life e kora jabe. loamp post ar niche bristi porar drisho shudhu akhanei dekha jabe. cycle a kore bristy snan a khanai kora jabe. ai kotha gula bola o sritite dhore rakha shudhu ai life e kora jabe.,we are becoming a coward nation !!,i have forgotten who i am....!!!!,truth is somethig beyond fact.,we are not alone in this world, we r carring our History with us ..........,work work and work........................,enjoying working,i am in sundarbans, forest management nia kaj korsi. Resource economics ar study paper ar kaj kori......... Bish (poison) dia mach mara hocche sundarban a....  rater bela gach pachar hocche..... Goverment Officer (Forest officer) ra dekho dekhse na..... They are firmly saying this is reserve forest since 1997 government banned cutting trees. And we are properly doing our jobs...,this is the hurshest truth of my life..
im happy to know you..n_n..thanks for the care.i really appreciate it,,nice to meet u..u know who u are..im very happy  to see u smile...n_n,see u soon...,at last,it is over..time for movie marathon.!!.n_n,home at last..i miss my fam..,hope to have a nice day tomorrow..or else,...T_T,still can't decide...*sigh*..,More people,,more fun..Can't wait to see you guyz..,is just arrive..wuah!!..my throat is aching due to practicing.,tomorrow na jud!..dli nama pugngan..hahayyzz..,dhai!..happy graduation day..congrats..study hard,NEW YEAR!!..NEW LIFE!!.. praying for more blessings to come..,alone in new year..well, it should be..,Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is called EXPERIENCE..  which leads us to SUCCESS... That's LIFE,.. LIVE IT,,,,HaPpY HeArtS Day EveRyOne..,FoReVeR In My LiFe I neeDed You By mY Side. But it's TiMe I HaVe To Let You Go EveN If I LoVe You So..,still not ready for this coming tuesday.. i don't know how to face them. huhuhu,wahw!!.What a very tiring
has an Otter Pop in each hand.,is so hungover and has to work 10 to 6.,has a sore right calf from his longboarding endeavors.,just spend the last 20 minutes making a ROFLcopter in the middle of his 5 page theology paper.,Tiger Wood's new book: \\My Shortest Drive.\\,just finished the NY Times crossword of the day. First time ever finishing!,has a leaky faucet attached to his face. Right above the mouth and right below the eyes.,has had the worst day yet this summer.,is goin' boardin' in the mornin'.,just hit the sent button on the email with his RA application and a photo attached.,Picturing someone holding a 9.56\\ x 7.47\\ iPhone to their head just makes me laugh.  So I guess it's a good thing the Apple iPad is slightly less ridiculous than they could possibly have made it.,Anyone get screwed by ResLife and need a place to live?  Looking for 2 housemates!,my attention to detail is horrible. :(,Vote: Should I grow my hair out and have Niki Bothman give me dreads?,So I found out today that all of my mail was \\ret
is in shock. 2-0?!?,finally got around to drinking Dave's homemade Kahlua.,is not going to be that lame. Vanya, you know.,has forgotten how free time works.,is beyond exhausted.,got his HTML on.,just got signed up for a Twitter account since some moron doesn't know his and/or her own email address!,will be alive to see 4:05:06 on 07/08/09. Remember where you were. Tell your children. Just don't buy a lottery ticket.,is attempting to comply with his company's social networking policy.,enjoyed the animal quiz but does not want to shout obscenities at his relatives via Facebook. Also, I'm a f***ing bear.,, at 4:05:06 on 7/8/09, created a silly Facebook poll. My grandchildren will be VERY impressed.,Happy birthday, Sgt. Campbell, if you're still alive.,would rather not waste a day off feeling ill. Archangel Raphael, are you listening?,chose air conditioning over fireworks.,gives respect to all fathers out there, not baby daddies.,is in Hell.,Proof there is a God who loves me: They're remaking The Last Dragon, wit
\\Blame it all on my roots, I showed up in boots, And ruined you black tie affair, The last one to know, The last one to show, I was the last one you thought you'd see there...\\,You have fun, I have skoal.,Sometimes you miss people, not beacuse you like them, but because they are in despirate need of an ass-kicking.,It is all about perception and expectaitions. Those two little bastards have the power to ruin everything.,Always remember: \\The Lord loves a working man,\\ and \\Don't trust whitey.\\,\\Hydrive\\ IS THE BALLS!,Is stoked to be leaving for Florida in less than a week!,is having a facebook three-way.,Yep, college kicks some ass.,Jah's my boy.,is a jackass. :(,Wants to avoid doing homework, anything going on?,Art is that which strikes the soul so as to cause the soul itself to radiate brilliance.,I'm a mother lover, you're a mother lover...,has to do his religion project, but doesn't want to miss out on all the nothing going on.,\\There was love all around, but I never heard it singing, no I never heard it
Time to work hard again? Looking forward to a new beginning!,starry eyed! I will be chasing a starlight until the end of my life...,i cannot stop thinking about the cheshire cat and the alice in wonderland keychain! OMG!,The laptop is officially dead today! I don't think I can go to work... LOL!,I am running out of mysteries, insecure and incomplete, here I am, here I am. Won't you get me? I've got my hands at redemption's side, whose scars are bigger than these doubts of mine. I'll fit all of these monstrosities inside, it will come alive, come alive!,Going to have BBQ with my best friendssss!!!! N yes with my honey 2! XD dears, hope u like my food, I prepared them the best I can.,Feverish ~ * am I sick, lacking sleep or concentrating too much? :\\\\,anyone knows a HP tech to help me fix a graphic controller prob on my bro's laptop? sob sob... I so broke his laptop... gotta fix it!!!,I wanna know what it'll be like, to find perfection in my pride, to see nothing in the light,~ Social expectations, inclinations,
My full class schedule for 10th grade. 0 Marching Band/P.E.  BAKER R. 1 World History Academy  WONG 2 Jazz Ensemble  BAKER R. 3 Academy Tech 10  LUNA 4 English 10 Academy  AVILA 5 LUNCH LUNCH LUNCH 6 Geometry College Prep  BUSH 7 Chemistry Academy  SMITH BTW when does 0 period start KK or Joesph or Shari?,I am seriously sad. My cousin (Who's 7!) is not expected to live long. She's at children's not doing to well. And I'm stuck here cuz of stupid FINALS!!! YARGGGGG!!!!,teehee they accidentally started downloading on mom's comp... i now have the season though! Can't wait to go to the desert tomorrow! Going to beg to ride a bigger quad, wish me luck!,I had lunch with a banana under your bed because I\x92m sexy and I do what I want.,I am currently trying to download Season 2 of NCIS on iTunes on a slow-butt computer... yea i have 21 left at about 2 1/2 hours each.... this will take a while,got back from the desert. crashed twice. first into a bush. a bush. I felt stupid. then I crashed into a wall. didn't hurt mysel
Thanks all for your birthday greetings. I had a most excellent day.,Thank you all for your Birthday wishes yesterday. I hope you enjoyed the Champagne Sylvie.
wants to go out, wants to have a coffee, wants to have a beer and wants to see her brother next weekend!,Is really looking forward to FRIDAY!,cannot do english good.,flys in 12 days,Is free. FREE..... And going swimming...,PAINTING IS CRAP!!!!!!!!,Camping...,according to Clara,spring, spring, spring is good!,doo doo doooooooo..,Is so happy. Speaking with hobits is great!,believes her talking computer should go to hell! Or out the window. Either or really.,Is offering a free bag of Pfand bottles to anyone who wants them...,you'll simply have to swing it.,timmy - hhknmbjkljlllad,.khjjkoffgfcm,hzjiozopp\xf6z,forgot to call Budapest tonight.,Jennifer Rooke what sound does a cauliflower make?,Needs a pilot or a teleport machine.,snow!!!,Wishes there was milk. And coffee. Right here, right now.,Has a festnetz and handy number now. If only I knew what they were...,Timmy - ajiutmll\xf6\xe4+\xfcpppjnnmbxybvzjsfdeeweqwerttttttttttzzzzzzzttttzzzzttttzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!,Is done with sofa beds. Ahhh!!!,Just loves taking a cold
Hi !!!! Nilanjan! How r U ?? Where are u posted? now?,FOLLOW SOLOISM for a real Democracy, How??? Read \\DEMOCRACY WITHOUT POLITICAL PARTIES\\ Get from: Atlantic Publishers 7/22 Ansari Road, New Delhi-110002, Ph-23275880/3880 or mail at: info@atlanticbooks.com,Thank u for making me ur friend!!!!,Today is World Cancer Day  Forty percent of the 12 million people diagnosed with cancer each year could avert the killer disease with protection against infections and lifestyle changes. The number of global cancer deaths is projected to increase by 45 percent from 2007 to 2030 (from 7.9 million to 11.5 million deaths), influenced in part by an increasing and ageing global population.,No.4 of Tribal Art series of Jharkhand,Everyone must read - \\7 Secrets of Highly Effective People\\ by Stephen R  Covey,Happy Holi to you all !!!!!!!!!!!!1,Those who are parted from their loves search for them from door to door, but i seek not, my love resides within my own heart's hidden core.,Make a mission to make your heart healthy!!! V
broke my tube amp -sadfaces-,http://dragcave.net/view/3jHH  Click my egg!,Stress this week HA! It\'ll be worse next week. (Hell Week dun dun da dunnn),I need bricks and boards for my horse stable on farmville!,I need 2 nails, 2 bricks, and 6 boards on farmville!,Before you can grow up you must fall in love 3 times. Once you must fall in love with your best friend, ruining your friendship forever. This will teach you who your true friends are, and the fine line between friendship and more. Once you must fall in love with someone you believe to be perfect.,Boredom--[Poke] me if you\'ve ever had a crush on me, [Like] this \\\nstatus if you think I\'m a good friend, [Message] me if you have ever\\\n wanted to date me and don\'t [Comment]. Now let\'s see who is brave \\\nenough to copy and paste this as their status.--Do it, you know you \\\nwant to.,I should get paid for giving back massages. Damn freebies,Have\'n a blast with a good old friend xD The new guitar is amazing,My band This Body Before Us is playing at the Flight Deck "
is excited to see HARRY POTTER #6,is sick :(,is home from the UK~! :) :( + loves tea now :P,is in LONDON ENGLAND!!!!! :) :P :D,i feel so loved :),is partying with Laura, Jillian, Carlee, Sydney, Jessie, Tess, Megan and Hayley~ :] !!!!,Just watched paranormal activity, if you value your sleep, do not watch it!,is excited for olympics! Go Canada! :],can't wait for Carnival,Nationals and the winter games!!! :),is tired,can't wait until saturday,.............. :),Newmarket Iced Energy is the bomb-diggidy!!! ;D :P :) <3 <3 <3 we rocked nationals!,is excited for march break! :D,is excited for the WINTER GAMES!!!!! <3 :D i will do your spot well Steph ;),is loving march break :),is happy <3<3<3 :),good times :) preparations for next year anyone? ;P,Had a great day :),is excitedd for skating carnival on saturday :D,Harry Potter #7 part 1 was great, I can't wait to see part 2! :),had fun last night with the team :) <3,is with Thomas........ :)
I think that the Riverside County Sherriffs Department is corrupt and should be investigated. Also, the D.A's office and some of the criminal court judges. It will be a great day when Riverside purges all of the scum out of its county offices. P.S- Just because somebody isn't wealthy, doesn't mean that their local police have the right to ruin their lives.,\\Youth In Revolt\\ & \\Revolting Youth\\- Read the books and watch the movie!!!!,invisible,For the spirit of Jah, you know he leads me on (Them all have a leaf at the dreadlocks' camp) There was a ring of dreads and a session was there in swing I could feel the chill as I see and heard them say (How do dey sing when you heard dem sing?) Pass the kutchie pon the lef' hand side Pass the kutchie pon the lef' hand side It a go bun, it a go dung, Jah know,'Twinkle Twinkle Little Bat, How I Wonder Where You're At, Up Above The World You Fly, Like A Tea-Tray In The Sky.' ----Why Is A Raven Like A Writing Desk?----,People that talk shit... need to talk shit to my face
is shopping and then sanderson soccer game with morgan :),is goin to the game! letss go pridee! :),swim meeeettt :),is back from switzerland :),is packinngg,is out for lunch and then playing tennis with alyssa!!,is going to whitleys graduation with alli!!,is going to morgan's lakehouse for the weekend :),is going to allis house for the night then emerald point tomorrow!! :D,morgans house for the nightt,\\I've seen your frown, and it's like looking down the barrel of a gun, and it goes off, and out come all these words.\\ -arctic monkeys,is sad that we lost the swim meet...again :(,is with alyssaaa! swim team banquet laterr :),b lunchh! hanging out with whitley laterr :),RANDOM ALERT!!! :D hahahah,is going to see harry potter with morgan!! :) hehe,is 15!! :) thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!,is out for lunch & a movie with whitleyy, then studyingg :P,\\ucnauri grznoba shemomeria, es cveyani tvaltin gadameria, yvela picri axla tvimis peria, tvimis peri lecsi damiteria\\ -ucnobi :),federer lost, after going 5
Makalagot akong gown for tomorrow! Wala kaming mutual understanding...T.T... I guess any shade of violet is not for me...,Logan Lerman as Percy Jackson in Percy Jackson & The olympians: The Lightning Thief is soooooooooo cuuuuuuuuuuute~,ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE is better than NATURAL STUPIDITY...,Edward Cullen doesn\'t eat... He\'s immortal.... He\'s beautiful... He lives in the forest... And he sparkles.. That\'s why he\'s a fairy... ^^\\\n-Ma\'am Chiongson,ughh... this is all because I read that ******* psychology book... 3.3,labor day => lalabas na ang sanggol ngayon... XD ahahahaha!,Just when I thought everything was over, there it was, starting all over again...,You know what I don\'t like? using domestic violence as a threat to control us... I hate you!!! That\'s why I have trauma about belts... And it\'s not our fault about our attitude, when we speak, it would be taken as talking back!!! who wouldn\'t get scared? I\'m scared spending every second with all of you...,sa mga nakakilala sakin, please suggest anung gusto"
has decided to accept the inevitable...but that is not the same as admitting defeat.,Warped Tour was very enlightening.  Going to spend a few days camping with good friends, good wine and good stories. Who could ask for more?,Home Sweet Home...,When grading papers, would it be easier to just give everyone a grade on volume or should I actually read for content?  JK:),Shopping is almost done...just have to get stocking stuffers....whew, what a relief!!  Now, just to sit back and enjoy!,Wants to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas!!  I hope everyone has a wonderful night and Christmas day:),It feels weird to have a lazy day...I feel like I should be running at full speed...Christmas shopping is almost done!!,Make sure the animals are all in folks...it's gonna be a cold one!,Had a wonderful day hanging with good friends and eating awesome food...let's hope all those black eyed peas pay off!!,Had a great time celebrating Madi's birthday!!!  Thank you for letting us share your special day!!  We love you so much a
My page looks so empty.... xD,Okay, I'm just getting used to this, but so far, I think I like Twitter better. xD,\\We won't stop until somebody calls the cops  and even then we'll start again and just pretend that  nothing ever happened...\\ remember that, Danni?,watching Princess Mononoke <3,Eww, I'm sick. D: Strep test soon.,This was a fantastic season. Gonna miss all the seniors so much. :'[,Leaving for guard in an hour or so. :],Watching Spongebob :] Guard later.,Guard soon :],Last day of school was AWESOME.,The kids I babysit watch Avatar too much... Combustion Man is gonna be showing up in my nightmares. xD,Bored... Guard later :D,Going to see Ponyo in a few minutes. Last day of summer D:,Ew, my computer keeps freezing D:,Drinking orange juice :],Just got back from the parade. Time for homework. :[,I'm actually done my homework. At least, I think I am. :],Awful headache. :[,Going to grandparents' house in Limerick PA on Thursday :3,Homework, then guard. I WILL be there 15 min early, Melissa. I totally rem
The roof! The roof! the roof of walmart's on fire!......Hahahaha,should prolly go to bed at a decent hour for band camp tomorrow,bored and needs something to do,is wondering y his internet keeps on messing up,cant wait for trick or treating!,Have you taken your tum ta-day?,This status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status. You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour. Lets all do our bit to help,India Foxtrot Yankee Oscar Uniform Charlie Alpha November Uniform November Delta Echo Romeo Sierra Tango Alpha November Delta Tango Hotel India Sierra, Charlie Oscar Papa Yankee Alpha November Delta Papa Alpha Sierra Tango Echo Tango Oscar Yankee Oscar Uniform Romeo Sierra Tango Alpha Tango Uniform Sierra (let's see wh...o get's this message and follows it) :) hahahaha i got right off,lolololololololololololololololol i haz rofl knife,waiting for christmas,Leading hand sanitizer
Hello to all ! sorry dont get on here much.....lol Its been sooo cold...Home with Hannah today  were both sick... Casey and Micheal are staying far away they say we have cooties ..lol  They\\ve been taking care of us ..They\\re so awesome....,Aunt Denise and Uncle Greg > I did get a chance to look at ur pics ... the snow pics are incredible!!  And Love your deer mount !! Im so happy we got to hunt together and both get bucks ... Ill never forget  how much fun we had ! Hopefully we can doit again next year !!,Family Is Awesome !!,Do you ever feel like people just dont get it, If they would just take a minute step back and take a good look at you and realize you are different and deserve to just be who u are .... different !,I lost the most wonderful women Ive ever known today My Gramma Dotty..I m so Happy that i was able to be with her again after thirty years ...To see what a Beautiful Strong Wonderful Women I was Blessed to have as My Grandmother.... I will Cherish that one week for the rest of my life... All
. . .,its off to work i go,just got backkkk,(: yes\'m,you knoww life :),(:,hmmmm, i love you equally ! (: i love new friends, and inside jokes haha,:) just try your best, try everything you can,ever had butterflies? i have some now. :),I\'m a bright kid, see Rachel Vliems status :D,KC I\'m coming for you!\\\n:),Chillin\' in Laramie :),Mall :),Cheesecake Factory (: yummy,Rachel Vliem loves me.,First speech and Debate meeting November 2nd! 3:30 PM in room 365 North :)\\\n\\\nCampbell County Speech and Debate wants you! haha,needs to clean his room. . .,I love Rachel Vliem :),I love my friends :),What is the difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted. .,I enjoy \\"liking\\" my own status too. Buckets of fun! (:,just got home from a spending the night, :) tons of fun.,Denver bound (: yay.,I love Teacher\'s Corner Kids Mart.,\\"Did you cut your hair?\\" _____ \\"no I just died the ends of my hair invisible!\\" (:,did anyone else forget today was April Fools Day??,After reading the the sentence, you are not aware that the th"
preparing for monday classes,i dont have one...,Don't ever forget that it is best to listen much,speak little,and not become angry;Listen to advice and accept instruction,and in the end you will be wise.Pay attention and listen to the sayings of the wise;apply your heart to what i teach,for it is pleasing when you keep them in your heart and all of them ready on your lips.,In everything i did, I showed you that by this kind of hardwork we must help the weak,remembering the words the Lord Jesus himself said: 'It is more blessed to give than to receive.',Everyone can make you smile,but only certain people can make you happy...,Those who didn't make it,maybe the lord doesn't want them to be a part of a dirty politics...,BE A DOER OF GOD'S WORD
Save tonight...,Finally finished 'Artistic style'!,So when was the last time I was on facebook?,Don't commit suicide... Please.,The question is do we know that we know? or must we know that we don't know that we know?,:D I thank everyone who wished me a happy certain day of the year in which I was born. It brings butterflies to my stomach and for that I'm grateful.,Perception is a view in which your mind recognises through patterns created from similar situations before. It does not however mean that it is the truth. Do not assume as it can easily lead one astray.,Happy new beginning of a soon to be realised suffering of great despair. I wish you all good luck.,Is going on a trip to the desert.,Im playing the game. The one that will take me to my end.,Thank you God. :),I've gotta feelin...,Give me time...,Always Fists up all Egyptians!!,1108,I just made a cheesecake. Tis chilling in the fridge right now. I wonder if it'll taste good.,Blood is red... I wonder...,The forest trees sitting with the giant oak. Rai
had awesome fun shopping with pete! so much i want, stupid lack of money!!,There was a little Spanish Flea.... A record star he thought he'd be.... He heard of singers like Beatles and the Chipmunks he'd seen on T.VVV....... Why not a little Spanish Flea!!,Is going to the zoo tomorrow with the cheeky and the lils :),mmmm full belly and red wine gotta love life!!,Slow down, you crazy child  and take the phone off the hook and disappear for awhile  it's all right, you can afford to lose a day or two,ice cream sundae with strawberries, nuts and choc topping makes everything better mmmm,Had a Awesome time at the Zoo watchin her nephew in the childrens zoo patting a emo kid on the head :P,cant win,lost her stupid charger other is broken and now has 2 phones and no battery grrr,had a AWESOME day with pete and now is going for indian with renee mmm,hmmmmmm hoo hummm,is excited about her day out doing stuff with pete :),please dont fling me in dat der briar patch!!,The wisdom of a fool wont set you free.......,does k
ok well maybe slightly :P,is feelin pretty bad atm :(,i am now very happy and shizzle,I am not gay for god's sake everyone!!,dont even know what people been up to this weekend lol,probs should have made this much earlier on lol its gooooooood,Has had a really complicated weekend and doesn't know what to do right now :/,Hannah's was awesome :) hannah, joe, saskia, naomi and harry :D,Had a great day with Kyle Champion, Harry Nixon, Sam Brooker, Aaron Jackson, Matiu Melville, Hannah Gilbert, Saskia Reeve and Naomi Nicol - wasn't so great when we had to leave hannahs and when we were outside harrys waiting when he wasnt even there :P,Had a sick night at Hananhs!! :D,Cotch day wit aidan,is a fairy.,is gay .,Hannah Gilbert is the most amazing best friend i ever had and she's awesome :):D x,Sickest night ever :D,Had a great week in holland with my cousins :),Lily you killed my wall :L x,Brodie Vincent is such a cool guy :) isn't said enough :L,Thinking of deleting my facebook :/ not sure though.,Sickest new year :)
has just finished her gcses!! *scream* !!!,2 much stuff 2 do!!,thinks she probably just got fired :s,mr crolla's form anyone...? so far its e nd emma...,shoppingg :D :D,hopes th weather cheers up b4 friday. Yay! well excited :D,JB was awesome!!,read th end of streetcar :-O,there are several things I am supposed to be doing rite now...,just had a really gd idea :D,school on thursdy. shoot me now,:S,skool is so boring without physics lessons,is happy that her sim card is back :D,...im gonna live forever, im gonna learn how to fly...FAME!,'s internet is being homosexual,is confused!,is looking 4ward 2 mexican nite (finally)!,is watching friends (y),is sure she turned th computer on for a reason...but can't really remember wot it was...,loves being tucked up in bed when it's raining... :-),has french 2 do...meh!,is listening to some Eva Cassidy :),has decided she needs 2 take more pictures :D,:-),sixth form uniform day 2moro 4 children in need x,has at least 3 reasons to be excited :D,has seen a certain someone d
OFFICIALLY DONE WITH FIRST QUARTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay :-),needs a miracle!!!!,is going to bedddd....... zzzzzz!,3 day weekends.... <3,sooo.... i'm officialy a vegitarian! wierd! :-),is officially a Sr. DA!!!! yay!! :-),why are the best decisions always the hardest??? :-(,back to school tomorrow.... meh...,thinks sarah palin just may be the anti-christ.... hahahahahah.,hmmm.... hurt....,sleeping baby...glass of wine... project runway... life is good :),seaside and cannon beach.... <3 <3 <3,grrrr........... stupid phone, i need to get a new one... AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,what happens to an \\18 hour bra\\ after 18 hours???,How do \\Do not walk on the grass\\ signs get there?,is sickkkkkk............ :-(,cleaning time....,i want him to stay little forever....... :'(,i cant believe my lil man is going to be 2 tomorrow!!!!!,wooooooooooooooooo... FINALLY finished with summer quarter!! hello 3 weeks of relaxation!!!!! :-),starting to feel a little better....,mondays.........,is siiiiiick... ugh... which is kind of
is feeling happy! =D,wahahahahahahaha,want to sleep zZzZzZz,is soooooo damn hyper today!,exams over! :D,ohmygoddddd, im left with amaths!!!!,is feeling disappointed with herself,I love the sound of a pipe organ. Majestic :D,HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO BEVERLY!! <3,I\'m too complacent today,oh my god, first time got so many people wishing me happy birthday. THANK YOU ALL!!! *hearts hearts*,yay happy new year hahahaha,ai yooo, look at my retarded face =.-,*cough cough* *sneeze sneeze* T.T,I drank too much coffee,i should start revising now.,nice one, i got bell\'s palsy -.-,zZzZzZz...,thank you for coming back from the hospital. miss you a lot! <3,I got lost in SP T.T,dont feel like studying.. zzz,ai yo ai yo ai yo.. can i dont go chinese garden tomorrow?,2 weeks to June holiday.. i cant wait :D,Jia Min\'s house is super COOL! :D,is today\'s temperature 26 degree celcius?,yay, it\'s holiday! :D,can you add my new hotmail - jingyi94@hotmail.com\\\nthe previous one got hacked by a loser -.-,Will there be a solution to the problem "
RIP Michael Jackson..... BUT this hotel room is absolutely fabulous!! Full kitchen, washer/dryer, one bedroom, jacuzzi tub in bedroom.  WELCOME CATHY TO VEGAS!!!!!  Hell yeah!!!,is staring her two week vacation of couch sitting and wine drinking!! YAY!!,Death leaves a heartache no one can heal.  Love leaves a memory no one can steal.,has decided that when she takes her trip to hell, Satan is going to be waiting for me with a tattoo gun cackling like the wicked witch from the west. :-P,has to go back to work tonight!! My two week vacation was well needed but damn do I miss my co workers!! :-),is gonna be sitting at home all day by herself!!,when it's too late, it's just too fuking late. Oh well......,The rain that falls, splash into our hearts, ran like sadness down the window into the room.,accidently crushed the ammonia on my badge last night and has the worst damn headache ever!!! GRRRRRRRR.........,got canceled from work until 11pm and then seriously got called in to work APU for half the shift.  So appare
i could write a book on the amount of hatred i have for certain people,at home bored out of my mind,Math is very boring,Can\'t sleep,i think my tv died,this sucks, first my tv stops working and now i just blew a speaker out in my car. can this week get much worse?,Fuck you Toby Keith!!!!!!!!!!!!!,can someone knock me out, im soooo tired,We better have off today. I don\'t feel like digging my car out,I got a new phone. Need numbers,all i did was make someone elses day better, and was just called an idiot for it, what a great family,had fun at the game, but now im really bored,Math is very boring.,worst fucking birthday ever,so bored, does anyone want to hang?,who the fuck spammed my formspring. i had 40 fucking questions,He got two older brothers, one hood, one good\\\nan independent older sister got me fly when she could\\\nbut they all didnt see\\\nthe little bit of sadness in me, scotty\\\n\\\ni\'ve got some issues that nobody can see\\\nand all these emotions are pouring out of me\\\ni bring them to the light for you, its only ri"
Don\'t want to go back to work!!!!,Back to work tomorrow :-(,Getting our Christmas Tree tomorrow.........I Love Christmas!!! Now all I need is for someone to climb up on the roof to put up the lights..... any volunteers?,In Washington DC,Went to see GI JOE but all afternoon shows were sold out......what the hell, don\'t people work anymore?!?!!!,Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!,Crablegs.....YUM!!!!,Car battery is dead....no jumper cables. What a way to start the week. On a good note, I get to skip out on PT!!,Thank you for the Birthday wishes FB Family!!\\\nIt\'s amazing how I can be in the Army over 10 years yet I\'m only 20!!!,Note to self - don\'t drink the night before graduation!!!,Headed to Texas in the morning....YAY!!!,Leave is over....back to work tomorrow :-(,Stuck in Atlanta airport...apparently the Captain is sick and no replacement has been found. The joys of air travel!!!"
Mammoth Mountain or Bust.,is hungry.,is quickly finding out that Cheetos are great comfort food.,wonders how long he can live off of beef stroganoff hamburger helper.,is watching the 1995 NBA playoff series: Pacers vs Knicks where Reggie Miller scored 8 points in 9 seconds.,is packing for South X Southwest.  I'm wondering what condition I'm going to return in.,where are my keys?,needs to clean his microwave :/,just escaped from the strangest weekend ever in Cleveland.  Apparently russian roulette, gas chambers, atomic chicken, assassinations and slaps across the face equates to a load of fun.,drove 15 minutes to the closest Wendy's.  What's up with that?,Thank You Kansas, West Virginia loves you right now!,wonders how people could drive with their turn signal on for miles and miles without noticing it.,is finally home.,Butler in the Final Four? No Way! C'mon West Virginia take it all!,whenever I have to jog uphill, I just think of it as penance for how many beers I've drank.,is wondering if he is watching the
missin yazi soo much cant wait to see her next week love u baby,sadly back home really wish i was stil in sligo with yazi missin her like crazy already :( :(  :( :(,kicking back in sligo cudled up on the sofa with my babygirl having such a good time really dont wanna go home back to dublin on friday :( :( :( :(,ong iv just gotten mad into tool again and i gets 2 see yazi in one more day yay xxxxxxxxxxx,Today, a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration \x96 that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively. There's no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we're the imagination of ourselves. Here's Tom with the weather.,gettin to see my baby 2moro for the frist time in 3 weeks cant wait woooo,just remebered how gr8 the ramones are,chillin on the sofA WITH my bby dont waana go back to dublin 2moro:(,last night was fucking epic neil was funny as fuck the got hammered with me ma in town gr8 fucking night,dont call me daughter not fair to the p
I'm so pissed, I went five months without thinking about it, but I just lost The Game! GAH!,God I love David Guetta. Might be a little late on this bandwagon, but he's currently my favorite artist.,I hate teh interwebz!,Does anyone know of any good dance clubs in the Akron/Cleveland area?,I'm so excited, I got all sorts of good news yesterday, more good news today, and my day is only going to get better! \\The sun on my skin and the world that I'm in makes me delirious\\,Thanks ODOT for making my drive home so great, you were really on-top of things and ready for this snow storm. /sarcasm To say the roads were terrible would be an understatement...,Hooray for not being able to sleep!,FYI: When making a left turn you should be in the left-most lane. The guy I hit didn't know this, and attempted to turn left from the center lane when I was in the left lane going straight. MORON! Thank god I had a witness. Pictures of my car coming soon.,Other drivers insurance sent me to a rental company yesterday morning. 24 hou
is going to egg JK Rowling. And key her car.,is home at last...until tomorrow.,can't wait for Better Off Ted tonight and Transformers at midnight!,is in Southern California visiting the brothers and the new nephew.,loves them easy listening tunes from the '60s and '70s.,First Farrah Fawcett, then Michael Jackson?!?!?!?! What's next?! These celebrities are dropping like flies! :/,is home and happy.,is sweating bullets.,loved Taking of Pelham 123...pretty good remake.,has been through the desert on a horse with no name.,is currently in William Golding's \\Free Fall.\\ Interesting read...,saw Harry Potter at midnight, and now realizes he needs to read through the series again. A little refresher, as they say.,wonders how the need to \\spend money\\ will \\keep us from going bankrupt.\\ Oh, Joe Biden...whatta guy!,loves the salad his mother makes for dinner.,is hanging out with old T-Bone. Weber's last night in Cali, gonna be awesome.,is ready for the latest episode of Better Off Ted!,'s niece was born today! Evidently
ASSISTANCE NEEDED....if you are my friend send me  a request.. i cant find you all..,Next person to add me gets a cookie...thatll make 90 friends.,The winner is Anne-Therese! Cookie for you! [E-cookie],is wondering WHY there is bacon in the soap.,MARY CHRIS-THE-MOOSE!,Got a new puppy!,Who wants to be Purple or orange? 2 people left!,...doesn't know what to say!,So...im thinking school is closed...not sure, but i think, just maybe thats what people's posts are telling me.,Has the bored, ran with the bored and you know what? got BORED!,So...im thinking school is closed...not sure, but i think, just maybe thats what people's posts are telling me...again,there are 3 phases to insainity... 1) you talk to your self 2) you argue with your self 3) you are no longer talking to yourself because of an arguement you had with yourself Im on that last one.,B O R E D!....I miss my friends already (one hour after game over),is missing school    : /,There Ain't no rest for the wicked, 'till we close our eyes for good. -Cage t
Needs to find a picture of himself O.o,Is on a boat,Then again i dont see why the moustache would sit on top of his nose O.o,Continues to not have his face on facebook, huzar!,lal thanks for the happy bdays,LAWL OCTOPUS,i need to learn to go to sleep x[,LMAO, just watched a video of blind people playing football ;3.,sssnooooowwwwww
watched dabangg. it is a great movie and worth watching. salman is looking fab.\\\nits a poora paisa fasool movie,Smile: It is the key that fits the lock of everybody\'s heart,monsoon come soon,painted her friends into her profile using the Friendship Painting application. Paint yours at http://apps.facebook.com/friendshippainting/,Happy Independence day,CHANDAN KI KHUSHBU,RESHAM KA HAAR,SAAWAN KI SUGANDH,BAARISH KI FUHAR,RADHA KI UMEED,KANHAIYA KA PYAAR. MUBARAK HO AAP SAB KO JANAMASHTHAMI KA TYOHAAR.,Teacher: John, why are you so late ?\\\nJohn: I was throwing stones into the river.\\\nTeacher:Okaay, well take your seat.\\\n\\\nTeacher:Bob, why are you also late ?\\\nBob: i was also throwing stones into the river.\\\nTeacher: gr, well, sit down.\\\n\\\nNew Boy walks in ;\\\nTeacher: oh so you\'re our new student. whats your name? and why are you all wet?\\\nNew boy: My name is Stones.\\\nTeacher: oh..\\\nLIKE IF YOU GET IT."
Valley tonight !! Fucking stoked !!,Josha bringing me back parts from USA, whoop whoop!! Krissy cant wait til we start riding abahha michelle designated driver =] Yeah man, Krissy will be my true dyke on a byke, love much girls =],Maddest night at my cousins,<3 Bevan,loves being a lost girl !! great feeling !!,I <3 BEVAN !!,is bored as fuck,missin ma hunni already and its only been 2 and a half hours hahaha !! sad but true !!,wickedly addicted to Bejewled Blitz !! four and a half hours later im still on it !! SUCH A DEPRESSING LIFE !!,somebody gimme a job !!,Job Interview went well, fingers crossed for the job !! Soooooooooooooooo frickin pumped for soundwave!!,Job Interview today, wish me luck ahahah,Cant wait for my birthday !! love you bevan !! <3,<3 BEVAN !! My sweetheart !!! Having lunch and goin to movies today !!! really excited now even though it took us four hours to decide this !!! ahhaha love ya bub, xx,Florence + the machine, amazing music !!,Need a job !! Need one now !! HELP ME. <3 Bevan.,lovin
I really dislike pretentious people.. yet now it seems those \\closest\\ to me might just be the worst of them all. . . please let me know if i ever act like them!!,feels stupid when she writes the word banana. Its like, how many na\x92s are on this thing? \x91Cause I\x92m like \x91Bana \x85 keep going. Bananana \x85 damn.,? ?? ??,Is dit nie net die crapste om n fool van jouself te maak voor iemand wat jy juis die teenoorgestelde wil doen nie?! Hahaha ai murfy's law...,Shin:  a device for finding furniture in the dark.,The average pencil is seven inches long, with just a half-inch eraser... think about it...,Disappointment to a noble soul is what cold water is to burning metal; it strengthens, tempers, intensifies, but never destroys it.,Look inside, look inside your tiny mind, now look a bit harder... 'Cause we're so uninspired, so sick and tired, of all the hatred you harbor... ____ you,  ____ you very, very much!! lalalalalaaa  ??,Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is rea
half day tomorrow!!!!!!!,recital saturday!,has recital tomorrow,is gonna take a nap,has recital TODAY,just had her last day of class ever from room A12 of the branham center: Dance Kraze dance studio... i'm really very sad.,is bored,wanted to help clean out the studio, but lost the chance T.T,is bored out of my MIND,is going to see Up today con mi madre :3,is eating taco bell,is hyper and listening to Parry Gripp :P,is hungry ^^,wants to thank everyone for their bday wishes! (mostly because Im too lazy to reply),is really happy with her tablet!!!,gets a haircut today! woot,doesn't want schooooool,kayaking tomorrow :3,loves tim burtons work,is sunburn! kayaking is fun tho :3,2 recital vids up so please watch :3,gets the demon braces off tomorrow! and then DISNEYLAND!! i feel sorry for you other people who don't get to go to disneyland...just kidding. i don't feel sorry at all muahahaha jk,is back from N.O. and is soooooo sleepy,needs to know who's coming to my recital and which show!! Oh and also who you're br
Is working,Maybe not Still, I should of grabbed that last redbull out of zachs fridge,Going to the beach!,is finally home :),Babys lead to an interesting night of sleep,New Photo, i'm a picture whore. Go comment.,tired.,Going to the Ocean on Thursday. Wooooo?,Is pretty tired,Worked out, stopped at costco, did chores. Uneventful,Ah long long day, another one tommorow.,2 hour layovers suck. But the 5 hour one coming up just sounds like a freaking blast.,It's zach hougans birthday so go message him and what not. Don't forget to call him or text him at 360-904-5234 and leave tons of voicemails so he feels loved or something. I guess he's depressed because he's not doing something as cool as last year. :(,only one notification all day :p sad,My prayers go to all the family and friends.,Who has hotka's sixties? When is that slang story due?,Bored. :/  I actually finished my homework : D,Zach Hougans birthday is today. Everyone go bug him.,\\What defines a life is not how it ended- but rather, how it was lived.\\,I ha
Still waiting for that deposit...!,Good morning everyone!,OMG SO MANY BIRTHDAYS AH *explodes* xD,Happy Pappy's Day!,Wishes it can ACTUALLY RAIN OUT! i'm getting sick of this sunny weather! BRING ON THE RAIN! stupid global warming... i hate cars now,is sad :(,our human society are retarded bastards! that's all i have to say! they don't know the truth and they just assume the media's right! fucking retards stfu about Michael Jackson being a child molester!,AHHHH TOO MANY ASIANS AT TNT!!!!!!!,Years of freedom will end soon enough.... until we learn not to listen to others but to ourselves,Needs to look for a job, any suggestions?,Needs to find a job, any suggestions?! =O,Not fricken giving up my fricken freedom to some fricken secret anti-christ society!,C'mon rain, come back!,Happy Canada Day all of you brilliant Canadians!,let the rain pour!,If a button that would destroy every single bastardly human possible existed, how many humans would be left on Earth? I don't think there would be many...,WOOOHOO hail, st
Pffff.... (Smoke)... I'm Gone... LoL...,Drawin Some Stuff... Tryin To Finish It... So I Can Go Take Care Of Some Junk...,Awwww... Shit... Gotta An Essay I Gotta Do... 4got,Alright Now I'm Finally Goin To Sleep N Wut Not Got Alot To Do 2morrro!...,shark In Tha water jump in n I'm a drown ya...,I Need To Go To Sleep.. LoL...,at work bored wanna go home sleep till 2 nite..  doubt i'll get 2 thou lol,Posted Up Chillin At My Sis House... Done Seen Tots Play Ball 2day... So Yeah... Had A Good Day...,Huhhhhhh!... Moms Just Cooked Bout Ta Grub... Starvin N Junk... LoL... NO Its Not A Steak.. LoL..,Ughhh... Anybody Wanna Write This Paper For Me!?... Anybody!?... Anybody!?.. LoL..,Already.... Christmas Almost Here... Bout Done With My Shoppin.... But After Tha 25th Needa Get On My Grind!... Help Me Out Give Me Some Ideas Who's Hire'n N Junk.... I'm Hungry N Need To Eat.... Kno-I'm-Tal-bout!... LoL.... Get At Me If U Got Ideas Keep In Mind Still In School...,-Who's Tha Retard.... -You... -Ay U Don't Say That!... LoL...T
has desert eagle point five oh written down the side of his, which should precipitate your balls into shrinking along with your presence.,never lived in fear i knew i'd die another day.,live fast cause if you dont take it youll never make it,sorta like 7-11, not always doing business, but always open.,Ekke Ekke Ekke Ekke Ptang Zoo Boing Zow Zing,is keyser soze.,whos that faggot on he wall with a tuba?! fuck salt!,you thought you were there to guide me, you were only in my way,ain't gonna work on maggie's farm no more.,I never lived in fear I knew I'd die another day I never viewed my life as something... slipping away \\okay record this goddamit. im gonna play some drums.\\ the rev,never thought wearing regular clothes could be so exciting.,please spell all texts to my fone phonetically so my text message reader can understand you.,found out why you should follow dishwasher/microwave safe ratings.,oj tainttaint *click*click,jer is spanish for her.,bie.,You're not the only one refusing to back down you're not th
If I had a pool party who would go?,Some fb group made me auto like it. How annoying.,Finally the ap calculus test is over,High school has gone by fast.,Grandma's house caught on fire today:(,Liam o-Daniel-munger is at uofl's freshman orientation...,Only 2 more weeks until my orthodontist says my braces are finally \\done\\... just 2 days before my birthday, too.,Gotta love when your car overhears...,Car finally got fixed yesterday which, including yesterdays fee, totals to over $2000 spent towards fixing my car. At least I got pretty much everything replaced so I won't have to go back to a mechanic for a while.
is pondering about...stuff...,And the sign said long haired,freaky people need not apply,Happy Again ^^,Thinks that birthdays are overestimated..but not the presents xD,gesprek van een moeder en haar kind..\\\n\'maaam..wat is 100 maal 8?\'\\\n\'100 maal 8? Dat is 80\'\\\nlike..seriously? -.-,Best\\\n quote of the sociology book I am studying (simply for the word \'tautology\').\\\n \'Tautology suggests that the conclusion of a theorymakes explicit \\\nwhat is implicit in the premise of the theory. Thus, structural \\\nfunctionalism defines the whole in terms of the parts and ...the \\\nparts in terms of the whole.\',\'Despicable me\' was echt nice xD,Damn SPSS..,Wednesday I\'ll have a 10 hour stopover in taipei..not looking forward to that..*sigh,Today is the Velociraptor Awareness Day. Make no mistake, they WILL kill you. Are you sure that your neighbour is not a Velociraptor?,My brains are full with cherry blossoms..sadly not filled with inspiration..,A new low : Playing \'Pokemon Red\' while I should be revising for a huge exam..aah..memories"
aNg hiRAp maGing mabaEt... hmMf!!,i hAte my sChed ... hmmmmf!,haha!! cguro Nga...,aq wrong seNd..? haha!1 ok laNg aq!!,yup yup!! hehe! ok laNg poH...,hAyst.... i rEaly miz sUm1... /sob,tRAnsformErs rocks!!,i\\m not feeLing welL.. i hAte tHis feelIng.. !!,kaaNtok ng shed q... Hmmf!!,kaantok .......,daMned!! nkakapHobia na sUmakay ng jEep ng magiSa ahhHh...,hunter x hunter love it!! haha!!,strange week for me..,aNg tGal ma downLOAd!! gutOm nq!!,so sleepy......,2Loy nba Reunion..? how sAd di aq mkakaSama...,hAppy hOllOwEen gUys!!,kaantok...,BUsy wEek nanaMAn tom.... haYSt....,merry christmas eVEryonE!! ^_^,im not feeling well... haYSt....,bad tr3p na computer sHop..!!  hmmf!,http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Maguindanao_massacre&oldid=338452536,happy valentines evryone!!,bad trip ang gLobe!,i miss sum1... haayst...,offline pa dn ba ang globe...? hmmf!!,\\dont depend on anyone in this world, because even your shadow leaves you when you're in darkness\\,c0ngrats t0 thia megia.. pz0k sa american id0l top 10! [
If you are drowning I can save your but  now, just got done a life guard course  2:30-9 each day this week. Tomorow i am a life guard officially.,A destination, a fading smile..another station, another mile....,Is seeing Rise Against!,Is really pumped up and really tired at the same time! Rise Against was awsome!,Sun!!!...oh wait...its gone,Swords, plans, MURDER. your normal saturday.,Is coming home!,: I am having an awesome time on vacation with my cousins.,Boosted his ego cause someone put him in there quotes.,They're gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books to make a citizen out of you.,Is feeling slightly Insomniac.,So why are you alone wasting your time...when you could be with me wasting your time.,Stay with me...right here in this instance...not in the distance,I'm up at 8 on a saturday...!,Livin' and dyin' the stories that are true,Im so energetic!!!!....But Im so tired....!,Is kinda sick..and..GO PHILLIES,Came to the conclusion: 5 hour life guard test + getting 4 hours of sleep = tire
my boobeh itches,i like pie,has a retarded modem,is bored out of his freaking mind,I can pronounce that.,whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i feel drained, idk y,Nom Nom Nom,fml,is asleep.... or at work..... OR BOTH!!!!! xD,jesus, its hot!,has an aching belly,Let's write an ending to my tale.,w00t, dont ask,when life gets hard..... (insert motivational quote here),inservice.... at 10? O_o,aslpode,cant spell...,shit happens. but hey, mostly to me, so don't worry. ;P,asleep,yay, inservice tomorrow! i love scrubbing mats and mopping teh floors of the pool bathrooms! yeah!,car sick, yay!,fascinating how much love normally affects a person.  it's just like a drug.  good thing im not into drugs.,Om nom nom! D:<,is on facebook :D,you know..... cuz i dont.,i needs a new pic... D:,needs ta sneeze,needs entertainment,whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!?,asleep,has a full belly,my neck hurts,is no longer on facebook D:,only one more full day b4 im outa here =[,has a cut on his arm, but do3esnt
Broken not understanding why :-(,Fellin better about a lot of things..... Still don't have a clue what to do about the car.... I will figure it out I guess,Heart broken and I dont understand why,Light up your face with gladness, Hide every trace of sadness, Although a tear may be ever so near, That's the time you must keep on trying, Smile, what's the use of crying?  You'll find that life is still worthwhile, If you just smile,:-( Cant Sleep..... Wish I could just lay down and sleep :-(,Well FB I guess I shoud try to get some sleep... Although I dont know how much selep I will get I should at least try.,Smile though your heart is aching, Smile even though it's breaking, When there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by, If you smile through your fear and sorrow, Smile and maybe tomorrow, You'll see the sun come shining through for you,To all you mommies out there,join the fun and re-post this. How much did your child(ren) weigh at birth?..... Rylan was 8lbs. 13oz :-) .,Should have my phone back on today...... L
had an amazing night with the love of my life!!!!,Missing The Love Of My Life....,I'm Going For An Assistant Maneger Job interview Tomorrow Please Pray For me,watching tony montana with my baby first real guy flick we've ever watched together,Sorrry i Haven't Been On In A While Everyone Been Busy Promoting The New Album Coming Out And Working A Lot Every Spare Chance I Get Meg And i Spend Together!!!,Missing My Love,I Hate Being Stuck In The Middle But I'd Still Choose Her Side Any Day Of The Week!,Chillin With Mr C And My Baby,missing my woman we have vbs tonight just got through with the daily bread!!!,Helping The Love Of My Life Pack. Two Years Together I Am The Luckiest Man Alive!!,Why Has God Blessed Me So? All I Can Do Is Say Thank You Father,Please Say A Prayer For My Mother She's In The Hospital And I Won't Be Able To Get To Her Till Later Tonight! Thank You All! :(,Missing My Lady I Love Her So Much!!!,Woke Up To A Kiss On The Cheek From JJ!! Gotta Love Him!!,washing machines and cell phones do not g
gah...! sana maaccept ang study... >.<,wants to sleep na but something's bothering...,just got home from school...,is going to school...,hay... no class tomorrow...,*yawn*,...she is a big loss...,*deep sigh*,stuffed...!,\\serious\\ at the moment...,*sigh* exams next week...,enjoying every minute of the pages... :],fight! [>.<;;],it would be nice to have a siesta now... =_=,Yes! Finish na sa stat... :],\\I'm a person so I must be stereotyped.\\ -_-::,nooo...! i don't want to sleep yet. =_=,is it just me or are people talking about love right now? (-_-;;),*stretched* 8.30 is too early for bedtime. =_=,anger is a lovely feeling... is it not? ^^,*deep sigh* (- . -;;),one more time and you're [browser] done... >:[,gutom...,big SIGH,still got the colds...,otaku mode: going kyaa on a total ore-sama knight >o<\\,hm... my mouth reeks with durian. >.<,man! it feels great reading good stuff... +.+,lmao at shou's expression... XD,durian~! ^^,is about to get a headache...,afk,needs entertainment... =_=,zzzZZzZZZZzzz...!,*yawns
hmmmlol i gots my UCF slippers on n im just chillen,lala sitting on the couch!!,Yay some stuff is coming together!!!now to find housing,starting to pack,Hah if u could only see my feelings too, then u would see what real craziness can do to a person =(,home ( =(  ) from the best night ever!!!,workin all day....again...argh...MY SECOND TO LAST DAY THERE!!,ARgh... my one day off, n i cant even relax =(,At alex's .....college stuff!!,At college.... so strange...but fun,relaxin b4 bed, big day of classes tomorrow!!,just cant seem to make everyone happy,bored waiting on the P-I-Z-Z-A!!!!!!! hanging with the roomie,watchen a movie with Dacia...POPCORN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,needing to  get the rest of this room thing in order!!!,seems later than it is...first night stayin in the dorm!,talkin to my puppy... luvs u =),needs breakfast!!!!,Class today argh....,missin u ;),home from the mall with Dacia,YAY jsut the best  class ever next then off to orlando,class today,  feellin really worn out,yoga in a lil.........yay!!,psyc
ytuindelik!!!!! dis NAWEEK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,ek voel soos GAG,kani wag tot di vakansie weer komi,Wat is die agter kant van 'n boom?,I think I'm Gonna EXPLODE OF EXITEMENT want donderdag sing ek by dikololo CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!,:-( ek het so gehoop di cheetas sal DALK wen........... ek huil sommer weeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-(,FAMILY=(F)ather (A)nd (M)other (I) (L)ove (Y)ou,aan al my goeie maatjies; x lief vir julle almal en mag die here julle verder net seen! waardeer ma nog wat julle het en othou net daar is GEEN GROTER hans as onse hemelse vader ni AMEN,oh my goodness EK LEER ACTUALLY hahahahahahaha.................... i think i'm going crazzzzzzzy!,biologo........zzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzz..................,i'm wating aaaand Waiting aaaaan WAITING!!!!!!,zzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzz AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH x mug geleer kani wag tot di des vak MWAH en STERKTE an,WHAAAOOOOOOOOOOooooooooo!!!!!!! os examen het vandag GEENDIG!!!!!!!!! :-)))),whats your biggest wish? ....,nog net EEN
Welcome to Zombieland,so, show of hands is there anyone out there that doesn't sing in the shower?,i take the world worst pictures,lol wow i do a lot on my days off,I'll show you mine, you show me yours first. Lets compare scars I'll tell you who's is worst,i got the coolest gift last night... thanks eddy,lol i can hide shit from people on facebook awesome,MOLLY CONNOLLY I HATE YOU. lol,you & I woke up in jail together...using only FOUR words...what would you say to me?,lol i used to be love drunk, but now i'm hungover.... i'll be sober soon and ready to do it agian. hahaha,-come over to myspace so you can play with my yahoo till i google all over your facebook. then we can titter about it. lqtm,why were we the last ones to leave last night?,getting the keys to my new place at 2.......,Hey everyone got a new phone the number is 6266649946 if you need to get ahold of me,U. G. L. Y.. You ain't got no alibi, YOU UGLY.... UGLY, UGLY, UGLY,Lol I go away for a week and when I get home my apartment is flooded...FML,
my brothers been using my facebook account!!!!!,omg i almost chocked on my gum,=(,http://www.megic.1go.dk/dontclickeng.htm,http://shechive.com/2009/08/11/10-reasons-to-date-a-unicorn/,wooo!,i lost my little blue bird=(,i got grounded for saying duh to my mom-_-  one of the downs to having an aisan parent,Wish You a Merry??\x95*\xa8*\x95.\xb8\xb8? \xb8\xb8.\x95*\xa8*\x95?? Christmas??\x95*\xa8*\x95.\xb8\xb8? \xb8\xb8.\x95*\xa8*\x95?? I Wish You a Merry ??\x95*\xa8*\x95.\xb8\xb8? \xb8\xb8.\x95*\xa8*\x95??Christmas ? ? ? I Wish You A Merry ??\x95*\xa8*\x95.\xb8\xb8? \xb8\xb8.\x95*\xa8*\x95??Christmas ??\x95*\xa8*\x95.\xb8\xb8? \xb8\xb8.\x95*\xa8*\x95??...And A Happy New Year!??\x95*\xa8*\x95.\xb8\xb8? \xb8\xb8.\x95*\xa8*\x95??... Copy and paste~keep the wave going!,ahh! i fed my fish too many flakes and their bellies are really big, i dont want them to explode!=(,i love pheneas and pherb!!!!,is watching the hangover,according to my uncle teletubbies are fun to watch when you're drunk,its christmas eve,school...,everyone in this house is busy watching an aisan drama movie but me, the crying scares me.,its snowing!!!,2010!!!!!!,yes finally a unicorn!!,Text HAITI to 90999 to donate $10(of ur
\\Every human being is the artificer of his own fate - Events, circumstances, etc., have their origin in ourselves.  They spring from seeds which we have sown.\\ -Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862),is aggravated with my cell phone....no my cell phone has not been disconnected....,Just finished watching \\The Green Mile\\ that movie always leaves me just speechless.,I made pizza from scratch for dinner...boy was it yummy!,Hooray for cooler weather! I hope It's here to stay for a while..,Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure...than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.        - Theodore Roosevelt,I am compiling a list of my contacts that sell homeowners Insurance in Tampa, FL.  If any of you would like to be on that list, or know an agency that you can recommend, send me a message please.,Headed for home to decorate the tree, listen to Christmas carols a
Just got up, wicked time last night!,Needs to know where the \\horseback riding\\ is tomorrow, he lost his invite =(,Can't get songs onto his iPod for some reason,Saw Hangover, that some crazy stuff right there, oh and he's going to a Bat Mitzvah in an hour...,Doesn't get why people are so hyped up about MJ's death. He's a fifty-year-old man made of plastic who hasn't produced a song in 20 years and possibly raped children.,had an awesome weekend, a party, a BatMitzvah, The Hangover and Forrest Gump.,Thinks that besides nearly passing out from dehydration, the trip to Canmore was a complete success,is glad to be back in his basement,is gonna miss Oriana, Amad and all the other people who aren't coming back next year,is a comin' home,had fun throwing sugary watermelon slices at Oriana this morning,nearly got a heart attack when his mom jumped out at him while he was watching Quarintine,Ate about 5 lbs of Indian food for dinner,had fun at the party. Thanks Claire!,just spent the past 2 and a half hours reading a
is getting annoyed with how fast life has been moving since graduation...,Has made a new friend ^^ yaya!,is bound and determined to get a job! :),Social experiment,if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. When you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with what people remember about you.,is finally getting her laptop back from Geek Squad ^^,is finding it really hard to ask for help when she needs it >.<,Can Finally afford to get her school textbooks! yay now I wont fail =D,has just added a bunch of photos ;3,hates school....but is doing her best to put up with it...>.<,hates term papers...,watched Ice Age 23 times today o.o,is sooooo sleepy T.T,had a blast today :),can't find her phone! D:,thanks taylor for finding her phone. I LOVE U!! :D,JUST GOT THE NEW SWITCHFOOT CD! :D,Is soooo glad that the semester is almost over :D,wants to shop! :),Hasn't gotten out of her bed in a week -.-,\\ 'Then be off home as quick as you c
He, orientasi di uni gw seru, maen flying fox bo,=),Hmm, why there's so few indonesian entered JCUS? Everyone take phsycology, where's d business student?? =(,Bis jln2 with my BFF on orchard road =),So lonely... Everybody talks chinese =(,Unemployment??!! How dare she said like that to me =(,Mid term exams, i'm coming... =(,Duh, balance sheetnya susah bgt dimngerti. Jd sbnrnya prusahaan ini untung apa rugi seh?!,Studying like crazy, 2 chapters 4 1 meeting. No wonder I can get my bach degree in 2 years...,Akhrnya mid term berlalu jg =),assignment...assignment...assignment...,Really lv my laptop skin. Expensive but worthed =),I do hope I can go back to hi skul...,Kebykan ntn supernatural + kekesalan bertumpuk ama ank2 landlord g = mimpi mrka dibantai by st betond believe...,Gyaaa, just bought AX cardigan with xtra disc, from 30 to 50%. N this is d only xs size left =),Finally my internet connection came back =),Just got free acer laptop from uni.  Not bad, but I luv my vaio more =),DUHHH... Tuh ank 2 kl ngo mst
Blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh\xa1,me distraigo de nada,de comunicologo a filosofastro,A tout le monde, A tout mes amis, Je vous


=)
=(
:]
:->
:>
8-)
8) 	:-}
:} 	:^) 	=] 	=) 	 	Smiley, happy face[3][4][5][6]
:D
:D 	8D
8D 	=D 	=3 	B^D 	c: 	C: 	 	Laughing,[3] big grin,[4][5] grinning with glasses[7]
xD
xD 	XD
XD 	
:-))

:))
		Very happy or double chin[7]
:(
:( 	:c
:c 	:<
:< 	:[
:[ 	:-|| 	:{ 	:@ 	:( 	;( 	 	Frown,[3][4][5] sad,[11] pouting
:'(
:'( 	:=( 	 	Crying[11]
:')
:') 	:"D 	 	Tears of happiness[11]
>:( 	>:[